Title: Simple Economics
Date: 2012-10-30
Tags: Economy, Barrack Obama
People: Chuck Corso
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Would it be worse if Chuck Corso is cynically pretending the poor economy is
Obama's fault or if he's bamboozled enough to believe it? I said Obama didn't
create the economic mess. Corso assumed I'm blaming Bush. Bush deserves some
blame, but the problems developed over a generation. Deregulation frenzy started
under Reagan, lasting twenty-eight years. The Glass-Steagall act was repealed
under Clinton. Dodd contributed. Even Goldwater gets blame -- for starting the
movement.

Corso compares the 7.8% 2009 unemployment rate with today's 8.1%. Should we
blame Reagan for the increase from 7.5% to 10.8% in October, 1982? How about
Bush Sr., who oversaw it rise from 5.4% to 7.3%? Bush Jr. inherited 4.2% from
Clinton and ended at 7.8%. Was that his fault? Can we concede that presidents
have limited influence on unemployment?

Then there's decreasing median income. Fewer jobs, lower average income: very
simple. Median income peaked at the end of the Clinton years; it's been falling
since, with a minor increase 2004-2007. Our tax policy favors the wealthy. Is it
surprising average citizens aren't doing well?

Next: gasoline prices, which parallel the global economy. If Obama is
responsible for increased fuel prices, he's also responsible for the economic
improvement. If it's just about price, the record high occurred during the Bush
administration.

Finally, national debt: federal debt increased 51% during Obama's first term.
Why is Corso complaining now? I don't remember his complaint when the debt
nearly doubled during the Bush, Jr. administration or tripled during the Reagan
years. For Bush Sr. it grew by 54%.

Our president bears little blame for the economic mess. These are nobody's stale
talking points. They are simple economic facts.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
