Title: Dysfunctional Republicans
Date: 2012-09-17
Tags: Mitt Romney, Barrack Obama
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

There's something terribly sad when the Republican candidate for President has
to lie about his greatest accomplishment as governor, pretending it didn't
happen, because his rival copied it nationally, and Republican orthodoxy insists
anything this opponent does is inherently wrong.

Now this dysfunctional party, which spent the primary trying not to nominate
Mitt Romney, is trying to pretend it enthusiastically supports him. Their only
reason: they've grown accustomed to power, having won seven of the last eleven
contests. Why else would Republican leaders publicly admit that Obama's defeat
was their most important legislative goal?

Bloomberg recently analyzed job creation since 1960; the numbers aren't good for
Republicans. Only 24 million private-sector jobs were added when a Republican
was in the White House. But 42 million were added during Democratic
administrations. The Democrats did more than twice as well per month: 150,000
versus 71,000.

Exactly what were the arguments for choosing Romney? Obama did not create the
mess. He's started cleaning it up. He's been hindered by Republican
obstructionism. The Democrats do much better at creating jobs. The Republican
Party is influenced by fanatics unwittingly serving the interests of right-wing
billionaires. Mitt Romney's plans are filled with simplistic rhetoric, but
devoid of specifics. (Is this man allergic to details?) The only argument that
makes any sense is that the Republicans might be less obstructive to Romney.
Even if this were true -- and the Tea Party's disdain for him makes that
questionable -- is our country going to submit to blackmail?

The Republicans have made a disastrous mistake. In their zeal to prevent the
President from succeeding, they have also inhibited our nation's success. We
must show them the error of their ways on Election Day.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
