Title: Logic
Date: 2014-11-02
Tags: Logic, Global Warming, Education
People: Chuck Corso
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It's probably an exercise in futility, but I'll try again to explain basic
logic, and interject some truth, countering the ignorance and fabrications in
Chuck Corso's recent letters.

"Arctic ice is up 42 percent in the last two years." This is true; here's the
context: The 1979-2000 average Arctic sea ice extent was 2.59 million square
miles. It's decreased substantially since, culminating in an extent of 1.32
million square miles in 2012. It then increased by 42%, this year reaching 2.04
million square miles, the sixth lowest reading on record, 21% below normal. Now
it's receding again. (See http://bit.ly/1A29iQG)

As to education, one can hope that Mr. Corso simply plays dumb, and not that he
can't understand a simple parallel. He suggested that political control of a
jurisdiction is the preeminent factor in the quality of its education. I
countered that the relative wealth of the jurisdiction is a much more
significant factor. I supported my argument by pointing out that it covers the
cases he brought up, the poor large cities, as well as the cases of our poorest
states, with the worst educational records. His proposal doesn't cover these
cases, so a poverty effect is more likely.

Finally, if Mr. Corso thinks calling me a left-winger insults me, he's badly
mistaken. A few other left-wingers: Jesus, DaVinci, Jefferson, Madison, Lincoln,
Gandhi, MLK. In our country, the Left has been on the correct side of history at
every turn, for a very simple reason: it has reason and morality on its side.

I'm done with this. It's unsporting to joust with the court jester. Chuck Corso
can feel free to have the last word. We can guess that word will be
"bamboozled"..

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
