Title: Inequalities
Date: 2014-01-18
Tags: Progressivism, Government, Education
People: Sam Prentice
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If you want to know how progressives think, you would do better to ask one than
to listen to Sam Prentice's diatribes.

Our analysis of inequality is not reflexive; it's data-driven and quite
objective. The income and education of one's parents are clear-cut predictors of
the course of one's life. Our health, wealth, life expectancy, and even many
self-reported measures of happiness are strongly correlated to our parents'
income and education. These are facts, backed up by far too many studies to
dispute, regardless of how many inspiring rags-to-riches anecdotes we might
hear. Progressives do not bemoan outcome disparities; it's disparities in
opportunity that make our blood boil.

Therefore progressives want to prevent the rich and powerful from rigging the
system so that they and their children have the very best of everything. We want
the American dream to be available to all.

To this end, we support a public education system that gives all kids a solid
footing. We support a health-care system that everyone can afford. We support
programs that help families rise out of poverty. We support an America that
promotes the reality of equal opportunity, not just the myth.

Those who argue that none of this is the place of the government forget what
governments are at their core. Of course we need to worry about growing
government power; one must be ever vigilant about the abuses of power. But at
its core, government is people banding together to protect themselves from
abuses by the powerful.

So while Mr. Prentice goes back to mixing his metaphors (a hive of sheep?),
please keep in mind that his notions of progressivism are akin to a lifelong
nun's notions of sexual relations.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
