Title: Better Economy
Date: 2015-01-31
Topics: Barrack Obama, Economy
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Before the last presidential election, a number of people wrote to the Rivereast
to blame President Obama for the poor shape of our economy. I wonder, are those
same folks are now willing to credit the president for the much-improved
conditions? (I personally don't think any president has much to do with it
either way.)

The economy has added over 6.3 million jobs during the President's six years,
more than five times the total over his predecessor's eight years. The
unemployment rate is now at 5.6%, slightly below the post-WWII average, and far
below what it was when Bush left office.

Inflation during Barrack Obama's term has so far averaged below 2%. Real weekly
earnings have increased 1.7%. Gasoline (which was a subject of sore complaint in
some of those letters even though it remained below the highs seen during the
Bush administration) is now way down at $2.05 nationally.

Corporate profits have nearly tripled during President Obama's first six years,
and the stock markets indices have doubled or tripled; all are currently in
record territory. Meanwhile, reliance on imported oil has been cut by 55%.

After a rough start, Obamacare is working extremely well. There are millions
fewer Americans without health care. Health care prices rose only 2% last year,
substantially lower than a few years ago. And there are 25% more insurers in the
marketplaces this year than last.

I'm not saying it's all peaches and cream, of course. The number of long-term
unemployed is still very high, food stamp recipients are at record numbers, and
home ownership numbers are down. But on balance, the economy is doing really
well.

You blamed the President for an earlier mess. Do you now give him credit for
this turnaround?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
