Title: Figuring the Lies
Date: 2015-03-18
Tags: Federal Debt, George Wallace
People: Chuck Corso
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It's significant that Chuck Corso twists "figures don't lie, but liars figure",
into a claim that figures lie too. For him, the truth never stands in the way of
ideology. He must find it disheartening that reality has a stubborn liberal
bias.

My figures are from http://abt.cm/19qUKxX, spot-checked against the Federal Debt
site. It uses precisely the method described by Sam Prentice, associating with
presidents the debt accumulated in the years they were responsible for the
budget, modified by charging the 2009 Stimulus Act to President Obama.

Chuck Corso's numbers are wrong, probably caused by blaming each president for
debt of the term's first year. His larger point is also misleading. He claims
that Obama has increased the debt by more than all previous presidents combined
(this is not true now, although it's remotely possible by 2017) and ignores the
fact that, George W. Bush increased the debt by more than all previous
presidents combined. Ronald Reagan increased it by nearly twice as much as all
previous presidents combined. Not since Kennedy and Eisenhower did it increase
by less than 10%; not since Coolidge did it actually decrease.

Mr. Corso plays coy about his assertion of George Wallace's liberalism but
continues to conflate the notion of being a Democrat with being liberal. Perhaps
he's never read any history. Perhaps he doesn't realize that the Republican
party was created as a liberal alternative to the Democrats. Perhaps he doesn't
understand that party ideologies shift over time. Or perhaps he's just
interested in seeing how often he can use "left wing-nut" and "bamboozled".

George Wallace was a states-rights, Dixiecrat conservative who railed against
liberals and considered switching parties to be Barry Goldwater's running mate.
But, please, Mr. Corso, don't let the truth get in the way of your fantasies.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
