Title: Rebutting Chuck Corso
Date: 2015-04-12
Topics: Federal Debt
People: Chuck Corso
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Does anyone else want to take a turn rebutting the stream of nonsense flowing
from Chuck Corso? It's easy to do do and occasionally amusing. Let me explain
the process.

We start with practically any statement in one of his letters. Let's take last
week's numbers about the federal debt. We could then proceed in either of two
ways.

First, since the man is congenitally allergic to facts, we could note that his
numbers are incorrect: Presidents are not responsible for the budget of the
first year of their terms, so he's measuring the wrong things. That's plenty
simple and clearly shows that slinging around "bamboozled" does not beef up
one's argument.

But there's a second way to proceed, and it might be more fun. This involves
demonstrating the absurdity of his conclusions even had his assumptions been
correct. Mr. Corso points out that on the day President Obama took office the
federal debt stood at $10.6 trillion, meaning that all the previous presidents
combined had racked up a total debt of $10.6 trillion. Then he points out that
since then almost $8 trillion dollars has been added, which he claims is, "more
than all other presidents combined!" So Chuck Corso says that "almost $8
trillion" is more than $10.6 trillion. And he wonders why people don't take him
seriously on other matters?

You see how easy that was? Granted, this isn't much of an intellectual
challenge, but think of it as a community service. I am turning my attention to
other matters over the next few weeks; so it's your turn now.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
