Title: What Sam Prentice Doesn't Know
Date: 2015-02-21
Tags: Progressivism
People: Sam Prentice
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Once again, Sam Prentice displays a stunning lack of knowledge about his topic.
Progressivism, of course, goes back to people like Locke and Hume. He's off by
centuries. Moreover, it has absolutely nothing to do with Fascism, which grew
out of antithetical ideological roots. And noting flaws in proponents of an idea
as though that repudiates an idea is a well-known logical fallacy. (Or does Mr.
Prentice want to argue that the American Revolution's ideals of equality were
illegitimate because so many of its founders were slave-holders?) I'd also want
to see some documentation on his accusations against Dewey, which are new to me.

But we're used to this from Sam Prentice. In his delusional world the evil
Progressives are trying to build their mind-control techniques to enslave the
heroic citizens. Hearing about it over and over gets tiring. (Hey, at least
we're no longer hearing his mantra about global warming being a progressive
conspiracy to enslave us all!)

I'm willing to bet I spend more time with progressives than does Mr. Prentice,
and I can tell you that there's no conspiracy; we could never get that
organized! Nor would we want the sort of world Sam Prentice fantasizes we might.
The main difference is that we see the potential for both bad and good from
government. We don't want to strip it down to the Rand-ian minimum, because we
believe government can help protect the weak from abuses by the strong; that, in
progressive eyes, is its chief function.

Much follows from that, and clearly it's not to Mr. Prentice's liking. But this
is not a diabolical plot, simply a political disagreement. And I'd really
appreciate not being painted as either a tool of or a mastermind behind an evil
state.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
