Title: Graceless
Date: 2015-03-01
Tags: Barrack Obama, Progressivism
People: Chuck Corso
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Chuck Corso seems to expect me to be embarrassed because he doesn't know how to
read... very strange. I wrote a letter asking if those who'd blamed President
Obama for an earlier poor economy whether they would credit him for the much
improved one. I very carefully made it clear that I did not give the current or
any president much credit for short-term economic outcomes, good or bad. I
described the current state of the economy, how it compared to two years ago and
how President Obama's tenure compared to his predecessor's. That's it.

I just wanted to know if those who tied such outcomes to the White House
incumbent had the grace and the fairness to be even-handed about it. Apparently
not.

And once again, Mr. Corso seems to expect his sobriquet, "left-wing-nut" to be
insulting. While I don't consider myself nearly as nutty as anyone who uses the
word "bamboozled" so often with so little reason, I willingly embrace
"left-wing". On every major issue in the history of our country, the left wing
has been on side of morality and reason, and on the right side of history too.
Think about it: From the Revolution, to abolitionism, to workers rights, to
universal suffrage, to anti-antisemitism, to civil rights, to women's rights,
and today to gay rights: that's the legacy of the left wing. I'm happy to be
associated with that tradition. I would be embarrassed to be tied to the radical
right or to Chuck Corso's brand of vituperation.

Mr. Corso will probably write another letter of denial; I won't bother
responding. Anyone who wants the truth can simply read through the last few
weeks' letters.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
