Title: Hat Back On
Date: 2015-03-15
Tags: Progressivism, Government, George Wallace
People: John Stimpson, Sam Prentice, Chuck Corso
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

John Stimpson might want to put his hat back on.

He admires Sam Prentice and Chuck Corso for what he perceives as their
conservative views. For all they write in these pages, neither of them has done
much to present their own views. Both mostly discuss problems they see with
contemporary liberalism. My read on Mr. Prentice, though, is that he's not
particularly a conservative, but more of a libertarian. True libertarianism
shares as much with modern liberalism as it does with modern conservatism.

At least Sam Prentice writes readable, logically consistent letters. Mr. Corso
is harder to read. The venom he spews is clearly anti-liberal, but he does not
seem to stake out any positions of his own. Of course a man who strictly
identifies party affiliation with political ideology clearly has left logic far
behind. (George Wallace as a liberal? Really?!)

Just to be clear, liberals do not believe that a bigger government is a better
thing. But we also do not believe that smaller is always better. I doubt most
conservatives do either. Would they support immediately disbanding the police,
the military, and the courts in order to drastically reduce the size of our
government?

And now we have hand-wringing over the debt. It's amazing how this is being
blamed on President Obama. The debt increased 186% under Reagan, 54% under Bush,
Sr., 32% under Clinton, 101% under Bush, Jr. So far it's been 53% under Obama
and it looks as though it will reach around 97%, although the improving economy
might reduce that. That's 14.2% per year under the supposed conservatives, and
between 5.6% and 6.2% per year under the supposed liberals. So watch where that
finger is pointing.

Mr. Stimpson, there are plenty of worthy conservatives; I'm not sure you're
admiring the right ones.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
