Title: Progressivism from the Source, Part 2
Date: 2016-01-15
Tags: Progressivism, Children, Government, Series - Progressivism from the Source
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Second in a series discussing what progressives actually believe. Last time: how
the rich are tilting the playing field in favor of their children.

This is not how our democracy is supposed to work. Everyone wants to help their
children and do what's best for them, but something has gone fundamentally wrong
when the rich and powerful can exclude everyone else, when the gap in
opportunity between the children of the very wealthy and the children of
everyone else is so large. Progressives believe that society must work to reduce
that gap.

The best way is to ensure that all children get a good start. So liberals
believe in supporting quality public education, in ensuring that the children of
the poor have enough to eat, that there is adequate medical care for those in
need. It implies a society that offers a hand up the ladder of success.

This contradicts the mythos promoted by small-government conservatives. They
like to gush about rugged individualism and the self-made entrepreneurs, Such
folks have had a hand in our history, but ours is also a history of cooperation,
of mutual striving. Our most enduring colonial era story is that of sharing the
first Thanksgiving.

Progressives believe government is not the enemy. How could it be? Government is
you and me. Government is people banding together for mutual benefit, especially
to protect the weak from abuses by the strong. Government can, and too
frequently does, overstep its bounds and become a source of problems. The only
defense is constant vigilance. But since government is the people ourselves, a
hatred of the government is a hatred of oneself. Paranoia over the government is
paranoia over the neighbors. Hostility towards the government is hostility
towards our brothers and sisters.

Next time: Keeping the government in check.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
