Title: Electoral College
Date: 2016-11-20
Tags: Electoral College, Donald Trump
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Trump supporters vigorously defend the Electoral College. Does anyone doubt that
had the vote tallies been reversed, they would be just as vigorously attacking
it?

I wonder too if they will approve if the Electoral College acts as intended, as
the grown-up deliberative body that selects a president. Remember, there are no
Constitutional bounds on the decision of the college. They can decide to vote
with the majority for the most qualified candidate in a generation. Amidst all
this talk of transition plans and offensive appointees, the actual presidential
vote happens December 19. There could still be surprises this election!

How do such folks promote the electoral majority? One letter starts "The
American people have spoken, and very loudly!" That's amusing because the people
actually preferred Clinton by 1.5+ million votes, and a switch of 90,000 votes
in the right places would have given her the electoral win as well. Another
talks about how the electoral college protects the interests of small states
over the large ones. I have several responses to this. First, I prefer to
protect the interests of voters than of states. Second, when we hear talk about
states rights, it always seems to be about suppressing rights of minorities.
Finally, it's simply unfair and undemocratic that a voter in Wyoming gets 2.97
electoral votes for each one a voter in Connecticut gets.

As to concerns about recent protests, please understand that when the biggest
bully in the county becomes sheriff, his victims get justifiably scared. Trump
ran a campaign of hatred, lies, and intimidation. We're already seeing huge
increases in hate crimes. People are scared. They probably should be.

But don't worry. If Trump does win in the Electoral College, the left will show
him just as much respect as the right has shown President Obama.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
