Title: Fact Checking
Date: 2016-10-23
Tags: Fact Checking, Politifact, Daily Caller, Fox News, Rush Limbaugh, Clinton Foundation
People: Sam Prentice, Joe Stevens, Chuck Corso
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It turns out Sam Prentice has no understanding of facts.  Twice it's been
pointed out that his article has been debunked by professional fact-checkers.
Still he desperately promotes it.

Mr. Prentice, if I were to cite some political scandal about, say, Rand Paul,
sticking to it even after it was debunked because I found it in the left-wing
Mother Jones, you would find this ridiculous.  I wouldn't do that; I'd accept
the facts when they're presented to me, even if it meant losing face.  I wish
you would extend others the same courtesy.

No, Mr. Prentice, PolitiFact is not engaged in spin.  That's the province of
sites like the Daily Caller.  When Fox News, Rush Limbaugh and the New York Post
reported this Clinton Foundation story in April, 2015, there was an echo chamber
effect, but no bad faith.  Carly Fiorina's revival was still fairly reasonable.
By the time of that Daily Caller article, it had been entirely debunked.  Any
journalist worth reading would know that.

There is a cottage industry of independent journalists working to check
politicians' statements.  I know this is difficult to grasp for those whose
brains have been warped by Fox and The Daily Caller, but these fact-checkers are
non-partisan, loyal only to the truth.  Their reports are at
http://bit.ly/clint-found-1, http://bit.ly/clint-found-2,
http://bit.ly/clint-found-3, and, from the Chronicle of Philanthropy, at
http://bit.ly/clint-found-4.

Promoting that article, with its irrelevant numbers and incomplete,
out-of-context quotes, after having twice been shown the truth demonstrates such
intellectual dishonesty that it's time we relegate Sam Prentice to the bottom
tier of letter-writers, in the company of the dim bulb we affectionately call
the Bamboozled Buffoon.  That means that the rest of the nonsense in his letter
– an unfounded attack on Joe Stevens and on the Clintons – is not  worth
responding to.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
