Title: Secret Lawmaking
Date: 2017-06-17
Tags: Health Care, Steve Bannon, Republicans, Mitch McConnell
People: San Prentice
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In the Senate health care bill, Steve Bannon takes charge of
revitalized death panels. The poor may purchase insurance only from
Kushner/Mar-a-lago Casualty. To enroll with preexisting conditions,
consumers must first win celebrity game show "Tom Price is Right". The
bill removes coverage for 150 million Americans and costs $8.2
trillion.

Not so? How do you know? The panel works in secrecy. The House ran
into constituent opposition; the Senate avoids this by keeping the
public in the dark. Complaining bitterly about how Democrats passed
Obamacare, Republicans retreat on transparency and honesty.

The reason is simple: they don't know how to govern. Republicans win
by being allergic to specifics. They campaign on Small-Government
slogans that resonate with voters. But whenever they convert these
slogans into policy, the public balks.  However symbolically
conservative voters might be, they are operationally liberal: they
like specific programs government provides.

This disconnect between abstract belief and specific support
precipitates absurdities like, "Keep your government hands off my
Medicare!" and "We have to repeal Obamacare, but keep the ACA!" This
is the logical outcome of Republicans' penchant for simplistic answers
to complex problems. It's what puts an incompetent buffoon in the
White House.

This is asymmetric. Democrats focus on specific issues and are less
likely to be ideologically consistent.  But they actually take stands
on issues and manage to get things done.

Remember when Mitch McConnell helped override a veto, then blamed
President Obama for the resulting law?  It's similar nonsense here.
Republicans don't actually want to repeal Obamacare; they know it
would hurt them. Instead, they're removing Democrats from the process,
crafting a bill that can't pass without Democrats, and preparing to
blame Democrats for its failure. More than cynical, this is downright
evil. Playing political games instead of facing real problems does
lasting harm.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
