Title: Conspiracy Theories
Date: 2017-06-11
Tags: Conspiracy Theories, Donald Trump, Vince Foster, James Comey, Journalism
People: Renzo Carli, Victor Carli, Sam Prentice, Dick Shea
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Renzo Carli defends Victor Carli (any relation?) and Sam Prentice from my
conspiracy theorist label but misses the context:  Victor Carli claimed the
"socialist media" expose Russian election interference just to chase Donald
Trump from office.  Sam Prentice recycled lies about Vince Foster and accused
newspapers of lying about James Comey's funding request: amusing because this
was widely reported and the challenger quickly recanted.  These are conspiracy
theories, pure and simple.

Renzo Carli claims I find anyone who disagrees with me crazy or illogical.
Nonsense.  I have plenty of respect for conservatives such as Jonah Goldberg and
David Brooks.  There are many Rivereast correspondents I disagree with yet
respect, like Dick Shea, who promotes conservativism but does not descend into
absurdity.  Those who do, I call out.  I have no patience for writers parroting
right-wing lies, claiming to think for themselves.

About my "disrespect" in calling Donald Trump our "so-called President", I will
stop doing so as soon as Mr. Trump publicly apologizes for calling Judge Robard
a "so-called judge."  I'm not holding my breath.

Mr. Carli's most important point is his claim that the days of newsroom
integrity has died.  I disagree.  But factionalizing media such as Breitbart,
and Daily Caller on the right, The Huffington Post and Daily Kos on the left,
practice a dishonorable form of advocacy journalism.  Too many people listen
chiefly to that, believe its lies, and decide that the news media distort the
truth.  This is another form of conspiracy theory.

There's still great journalism around.  Journalists are among our county's most
important and underappreciated heroes.  People who get their news from advocacy
sites are doing everyone a great disfavor. Looking at more news sources, they'd
learn that conspiracies are rare and the truth is easy to recognize.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
