Title: True American History
Date: 2017-01-14
Tags: Progressivism
People: Sam Prentice, Joe Stevens
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

One has to pity Sam Prentice: he denied Russian election engineering only days
before events forced even Donald Trump to admit it.  Who does he think is
conflating these stories with vote-count tampering? He certainly hasn't seen
such claims here.

That's not my main subject.

Joe Stevens' analysis is short-sighted.  While he is rightfully embittered by
our country's mess, the current disaster  is not "the history of America".  On
the contrary, as has been noted, "The arc of the moral universe is long, but it
bends toward justice."

We've seen the end of slavery, the enfranchisement of women, of workers, of
racial minorities.  We are seeing the destigmatization of homosexuality.  From
the days when Catholics and Mormons were persecuted, we've come to see Catholic
Justices, a Catholic President, and Mormon presidential candidates.  We see a
freedom of religion barely dampened by Mr. Trump's assault on Islam. Though
they're surrounded by ever more hacks, we still see the intrepid reporters of a
free press.

Ours is the country of Jefferson, of Lincoln, of Susan B. Anthony, of both
Roosevelts, of Rosa Parks, and of Martin Luther King.  The Goldwater/Reagan
revolution is only an aberration.  And the ineptitude of a Trump administration
can only hasten its end.

True, we're in a dark period, sponsored by right-wing shills for the 1%.  Those
on the left cannot ignore our own responsibility. Progressives have not
articulated a positive message to counter the Right's fear-mongering.  The Left
talks about how the ship is listing but not about how to set it right.

Let us promote the message of progressivism: Together we are strong. Together we
can overcome oppression.  Together we can promote the welfare of all.  Let us
stand before the wealthy, the corporations, the governments, and make them
understand that true power comes from us.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
