Title: Breathless
Date: 2017-03-19
Tags: Donald Trump
People: Sam Prentice, Victor Carli
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sam Prentice needs to have his lungs checked.  He finds it
"breathtaking" that people are outraged by the wiretapping accusations
made by our so-called president against former President Obama.  The
old joke about politicians seems to be tailor-made for Donald Trump:
"How can you tell when he's lying?  His lips are moving."  Or in this
case his Twitter thumbs.  This accusation is clearly one more
ridiculous bit of nonsense from a demagogue who can't help but lying.
But it's also the most serious accusations ever made by one White
House occupant about another in many decades.

So what has taken away Sam Prentice's wind?  He wants to describe a
parallel with the talk about the Russian-Trump connection.  Stories
that have been widely reported across the spectrum and events that
have already caused exits of Trump appointees -- these are what Mr.
Prentice thinks to compare to evidence-free stories promoted
immediately after they appear on right-wing media and which the White
House continues to uphold, even after they're renounced by those same
media sources and denied by all parties.

If outrage over this takes your breath away, you have a serious
breathing problem.

Then Mr. Prentice takes another page out of the Trump
blame-the-messenger book, and complains about those leaking the story.
No government likes to have its dirty secrets revealed, but quality
journalism involves finding those stories regardless.  Those leaking
these secrets are doing our nation a great service.  To complain about
them is to complain about one of the most important institutions of a
free society.

Mr. Prentice, please get to a doctor soon.  Pneumonia is not laughing
matter.  (Oh, and could you take Victor Carli with you?  His paranoia
about the evil Socialists is flaring up again.)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
