Title: Statesmen
Date: 2017-04-03
Tags: Mitch McConnell, Supreme Court
People: Dan Devin
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dan Devin is correct: there is a damaging political polarization in
Washington.  But the partisanship is asymmetric.    The left is
sometimes willing to work with right.  The right refuses to work with
the left.  It goes back to the no-holds-barred days of Newt Gingrich,
Tom Delay, and Dennis Hastert.  Think about the fact that we had an
impeachment because one President lied about sex, but not one for the
Iran-Contra affair.

Mitch McConnell is a prime example.  Remember when his top legislative
priority was to make Obama a one-term president?  He pressured his
caucus to walk away from anything the Democrats were doing.  Then he'd
rant about Democratic partisanship.  His tactics drove out such
moderates as Olympia Snowe, Arlen Specter, and Jim Jeffords.

Now he's playing games with the Supreme Court.  He claimed it
tradition that the Senate does not confirm Supreme Court justices in
an election year.  This was nonsense, of course, and he's recently
recanted.  I guess he doesn't want to have to agree to live with such
a rule in 2020.  But when the Democrats consider rejecting the latest
nominee, he starts screaming, "Partisans!"  Pot, meet kettle.

Have you heard about the adult mediating between two children?
Johnnie thought they should split the cookie equally between them.
Joey thought he should get the whole thing.  The adult said, "Let's
split the difference; Joey can have three fourths and Johnnie one
fourth."  Absurd, right?  But this is what the Republicans now think
compromise is.  "We'll run as far from the center as possible, and
then ask the Democrats to meet us halfway."

We do need statesmen, but in order to find them, the Republican party
must stop treating governing as a zero-sum game.  The losers in such
games are always the public.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
