Title: Republican Collapse
Date: 2017-03-27
Tags: Republicans, Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnel, Merrick Garland, Donald Trump
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I haven't cared much about political parties.  I'm very liberal and
generally vote for the more liberal candidates, regardless of party.
But the total disaster of the Republican's Washington takeover is
making me rethink.  It's hard to imagine a bigger mess.

We have a House "led" by Paul Ryan, once promoted as an effective and
principled conservative who still had a heart.  He has shown himself
to be the opposite.  After seven years of pledging to overturn the
Affordable Care Act, the best he can do is to offer a lily-livered
plan that would have stripped millions of their health care while
cutting taxes for the wealthy.  Instead of making a stand, he tried
for some non-existent middle ground between his party's wings.  Then,
when it became clear that he didn't have the votes, he halted the
process.  We actually have an unprincipled, ineffective fence-leaner
with absolutely no heart. (http://bit.ly/RyanSpineless)

We have a Senate majority leader who since last March has refused to
perform one of the Senate's basic functions, sitting on the Supreme
Court nomination of Merrick Garland, but who now insists that it's
urgent that the Senate vote on the latest nominee.

We have a Congressional investigation of Russian electoral
interference, in which the Republican contribution has been to and ask
about leaks.  Talk about taking your eye off the ball!

And of course our so-called president is not even slightly
presidential.  His public temper-tantrums on Twitter, his unbridled
self-enrichment, his immediate abandonment of every populist campaign
promise, his choices of unqualified advisors, and his virulent attacks
on the news media -- all this demonstrates total disarray.

The Republican Party once stood for something.  Abraham Lincoln and
Teddy Roosevelt would be ashamed to see it now.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
