Title: Truth Decay
Date: 2018-08-31
Tags: Science, Vaccinations, Donald Trump, Conspiracy Theories
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This week a nurse and anti-vaccination activist tended her first case
of measles.  Although this ICU patient was miserable, the nurse said,
"By no means have I changed my vax stance, and I never will."  This
encapsulates an unfortunate phenomenon: the subjugation of truth to
ideology.  No evidence can change her mind.  She elevates her opinion
above the facts.

This happens everywhere.  It is terrifying.  The RAND corporation
recently released a report they call Truth Decay.  (One good pun
deserves another; clearly the solution is Mental Floss!)  It's long
but well worth a read.  They note that there have been similar periods
in our history, but none nearly as bad.

The potential harm is devastating.  It's not just anti-vaxxers
bringing back measles, perhaps smallpox or polio next.  It's also
anti-evolutionists damaging students' critical thinking skills.  It's
conflation of opinion and infotainment with serious news, eroding
everyone's analytic ability.  It's conspiracy theories like the
Birther movement sucking attention away from important issues.  And of
course it's climate change deniers putting at risk our entire economy,
our ecology, the very habitat we call home.

This is most prevalent on the political right, although some
anti-GMOers and anti-vaxxers demonstrate that it happens on the left
as well.  Outlets such as Fox News ignore important news that
contradicts their narrative, while hyping irrelevant stories.

The Trump Administration is the epitome of this.  From "alternative
facts" to "truth is not truth" to "what you’re seeing and what you’re
reading is not happening", Trump and staff are waging an all-out war
on objective truth.  In recent months, fact-checkers have noted an
absurd average of 16 false statements per day from Mr. Trump.

We must fight this.  No matter what these Orwellian idiots claim, lies
are not truth, fiction is not fact, and ignorance is never strength.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
