Title: Return of the Know-Nothings
Date: 2018-02-26
Tags: Democrats, Republicans
People: Dan Devin
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dan Devin has been taking the Democratic Party to task.  Much of his
information is wrong.  Some is skewed by cherry-picking.  But overall,
he's right.  The Democratic party is corrupt, complacent, inept, the
very worst political party of the modern era... save one.  But that
one: wow!

Once, the Republican Party had meaningful stands; agree or disagree,
you could respect their integrity.  Now, they stand only for the
financial interests of their billionaire sponsors.  They stand for
Adelson, Mercer, Koch, et. al.

Remember the deficit hawks?  In 2009, and throughout the Obama years,
the Republican party screamed that we couldn't afford any spending
because of the deficit?  When the economy needed additional stimulus,
Republicans nixed it for deficit reasons, causing years of
unnecessarily slow growth.  Today they balloon the deficit with a
TaxScam bill for the wealthy and corporations, selling it with small
temporary cuts for working folks.  Then they pass a budget that adds
trillions to the debt.  This is plain hypocrisy.

Remember Republican outrage over the sexual conduct of a President?
Wasn't there an impeachment centered on that?  Now they support Roy
Moore, Donald Trump, etc.  Any moral authority they ever claimed?
Destroyed.

Remember support for the rule of law?  The tough-on-crime party now
supports a President who publicly admits to obstruction of justice.
They publish misleading reports and suppress important responses.  As
kids are being killed, they kowtow to the gun lobby.  They've  become
the lawless-and-disordered party.

Remember when the United States was an international leader?  The
world looked up to us.  Congress and our so-called President have
turned us into a laughingstock, an international pariah.  They're the
reincarnation of the Know-Nothing party.

The fix is be simple.  In 2018 and 2020, vote them out of office.
However bad the Democrats are, the Republicans are horrifyingly worse.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
