Title: Democratic Decisions
Date: 2019-05-20
Tags: Democracy
People: Sam Prentice
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I argued recently that in our democratic society the people as a whole decide
our national values and choose what sort of government we should have.  Sam
Prentice's response?  "We are not a collective bound by values set by an obscure
group of elites."  Well, no, we are not; that is a good paraphrase of what I was
saying about an obscure group of libertarian theorists.

He went on to argue that, "Utilizing government to impose specific values on all
of us is an abomination..." So laws against murder, rape, or theft should be
forbidden?  Are those not government imposing specific values on us?  Government
is entirely about deciding and enforcing shared values.  Our system has
safeguards to prevent the imposition of less universal values: that's why we
have checks and balances.  But overall, the point of government is exactly that
of reaching consensus on shared values.

So when Mr. Prentice says, "Scott Sauyet seems to believe he is the arbiter of
what 'society' thinks and also acts as the self-assumed censor of acceptable
thought," he is talking out of his hat.  I was making exactly the opposite
point: those libertarians telling us that government must be restricted to only
a few domains they find acceptable are the ones attempting censorship.  While
they are welcome to express negative opinions on topics such as universal health
care or debt-free public college, they have no standing whatsoever to tell us
that these topics are illegitimate.

Individual freedom is an important part of our incredible strength. But so too
is the banding together of individuals to fight for collective benefits.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
