Title: Two Years of Trump
Date: 2019-01-21
Tags: Donald Trump
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The last two years have been devastating.

Scholars rate Donald Trump's presidency the worst in history. (Congrats to
Buchanan and Harding for making it out of the cellar!) The reasons are evident.
He sows discord and hatred, he belittles and bullies, he lies incessantly.  He
gets his information from right-wing broadcasters, but calls the media the enemy
of the people.  He denigrates allies and praises dictators.  He fashions trade
wars because of economic illiteracy.

His inept administration has seen unprecedented turnover. Investigations into
Russian interference have generated 33 indictments and won convictions of three
senior Trump associates.

The only positive is the booming economy (although signs point to a slow-down.)
What credit can Mr. Trump claim?  10-year charts of stock prices, unemployment,
or total jobs make obvious that these numbers merely continue trends from the
early Obama years.  For instance, under Trump the Dow Jones has seen an average
annual gain of 11.63%, quite good for a Republican -- who had only averaged
3.52% since Nixon -- but in line with the Democratic average of 11.0%, and below
both Obama's and Clinton's numbers.

That's it.  There is nothing else good to say.  He follows Obama's unfortunate
practice of governing through executive orders, and is clobbered in the courts
over it.  His only substantive legislation was the Tax Scam bill -- not
something to brag about.

Now, ignoring the actual crisis -- climate change -- Mr. Trump shut down the
government over a manufactured one.  Trump didn't try funding his wall for two
years, but now it's an emergency?  After proclaiming he would take
responsibility for a shutdown, he's blaming Congressional Democrats?

This is not the behavior of a sane, competent leader.  We would not hand a
loaded gun to a toddler; how is it that our country has done so?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
