Title: Progressivism from the Source 1
Date: 2016-01-12
Tags: Progressivism, The Wealthy, Series - Progressivism from the Source
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Far too often, letters here talk about Progressivism in scary terms. Those
letters are ill-informed and can't tell you what progressives actually believe.
Their caricatures are absurd and might be insulting if they weren't so
laughable. It's time to set the record straight. In this letter and a few
follow-ups, I will try to explain what it is that progressives believe. I cannot
speak for anyone other than myself, but I believe these views are common among
progressives. I also believe they will help show that progressive thought is
mainstream American thought -- that the right-wing is out of touch. But that's
not the main goal. The main goal is simply for a liberal to explain what
liberalism actually is.

Progressives believe in children. We believe children should be given an equal
shot at all the good things in life. This sounds simple, but it has a lot of
important consequences.

Over the past thirty-five years, the gains in equal opportunity made since World
War II have been rolled back; the rich have rigged the system to make things
easier for them and harder for everyone else. Worse, they've rigged it to
benefit their own children at the expense of other children.

The children of the rich are more likely to rise to the positions of power
across our society. Although one might debate the real political skills in the
Kennedy or Bush clans, it's easy to see how in both families the money, the
prestige, and the power of each generation helped impel the following one to
success as Senators, Governors, and Presidents. The same is true in industry and
commerce. The number of top executives of large companies whose parents were
also leaders of industry demonstrate a developing plutocracy.

Next time: Reducing the gap in opportunity.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
