Title: Facts Matter
Date: 2016-10-29
Tags: Clinton Foundation, Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Facts
People: Chuck Corso, Sam Prentice, Larry Zimmerman, Wendy Worley
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The usual suspects are at it again. Chuck Corso spins his bizarre
interpretations of others' words as indisputable truths. Larry Zimmerman ties
false claims of theft to true ones of a minor prank. Sam Prentice doesn't
realize we've already pulled the irrelevant document from his cold, dead hands.
(It's not a grant-giving organization, Mr. Prentice; it is a public charity,
like the Red Cross.) They have in common a lamentable rejection of the truth for
whatever furthers their ideological fantasies: hey, they read it on the
right-wing side of the Internet, so it must be true! Further, their
characterization of non-partisan fact-checkers as left-wingers demonstrates
their own ignorance and the stubborn liberal bias of reality.

Regarding Wendy Worley's note that Hillary Clinton does not represent her
morals: that's her prerogative. But, Ms. Worley, if Donald Trump does represent
them, please let us know where you live and where you worship so we can keep our
daughters far away.

There's an election imminent. I will choose Hillary Clinton. I am impressed with
her policies, her dedication, her experience, her command of the issues, her
compassion. The case for her has been made by newspapers all over the country,
including many that have not endorsed a Democrat for decades, or ever. The New
York Times endorsement is a fantastic summary.

As to Donald Trump, the case against him is made by his own words. A reading of
his speeches or his Twitter feed reveals a man profoundly unfit to lead our
nation. But read the editorials too; so far only one major newspaper has found
anything good to say about Mr. Trump. The rest agree: the man is a menace.
Besides the obvious, do we really want to elect a man due to start defending
himself at a rape trial in December?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
