Title: Conspiracy Theorist
Date: 2017-06-25
Tags: Conspiracy Theories, Russia, Global Warming, Vince Foster, Confirmation Bias
People: Sam Prentice
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sam Prentice accuses me of harping on Russian election meddling.  As
usual, his view is badly warped.  On 1/6 and 1/20, I rebutted Mr.
Prentice's misstatements.  I mentioned it on 4/14 in response to the
Devin Nunes nonsense and on 5/19 regarding James Comey's firing.
That's it.

Mr. Prentice, on the other hand, brought it up on 12/2, 12/16, 12/23,
1/13, 3/31, 5/26, and 6/23, spending paragraphs or whole letters on
it.  It's not me who's obsessed.

What else did Sam Prentice discuss in this period?  For one thing, he
resurrected his old "global warming is a progressive scam to
redistrube wealth" canard.  I'd hoped that his recent quiet on this
subject meant he'd come to his senses.  Silly of me.  Another time he
claimed that healthcare and other parts of the social safety net are
forms of slavery.

Last week he repeated insinuations about Vince Foster's suicide,
noting that William Sessions was fired the day before Mr. Foster's
body was found.  Why is that any more relevant than the fact that
"Don't ask, don't tell" was announced that same day?  He quotes
testimony from Andrew McCabe, who would not necessarily have any
reason to know about his boss' request, as though that disproves all
the other reports about Comey's resource request.  And he repeats
Infowars' lie about Tim Kaine and Loretta Lynch, one so grossly wrong
that not only the standard fact-checkers, but even sites like Daily
Caller, had to debunk.

Again he brought up confirmation bias, the tendency to more easily
credit evidence that supports one's own position than evidence that
doesn't.  Ironically, he doesn't recognize his own reliance on
right-wing "news" sources as a form of confirmation bias.

Remember: those making outrageous claims have a heavy burden of proof.
The conspiracies promoted by Sam Prentice are outrageous.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
