Title: Conspiracy, Anyone?
Date: 2018-05-29
Tags: Donald Trump, Taxes, Barrack Obama, Hillary Clinton
People: Dan Devin, Dan Armstrong, Sam Prentice, Adrian Mandeville, Don Denley
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Conspiracies, conspiracies everywhere, but not a thought to think.
Last week's Rivereast was full of -- let's say "interesting" --
theories.

Dan Devin coins "Trump Derangement Syndrome", strikingly, not
referring to the well-documented issues of our so-called president but
to those who accurately quote Mr. Trump without full context.  Of
course most outlets noted the context when challenged.  But yes,
Donald Trump did call a group of people animals.  If comes across as a
Nazi move, you are probably paying attention.

Dan Armstrong's conspiracy seems to happen everywhere there is
government.  Income is "a numerical representation of one's time,
effort, labor, etc."  (So should a bricklayer be paid more than a CEO
because of harder work?)  Taxes, then, are a form of slavery.  Again,
perhaps he can move somewhere without taxes, but first could he please
explain how he believes we elect bureaucrats, what alternative he sees
to taxation and democratic control of spending, and especially how he
dares invoke Thomas Paine, a proponent of strong central government
and an early welfare state, in support of this theory?

Sam Prentice, always amusing, presents a convoluted theory involving
the press, Obama, Clinton, the "Deep State", and a Cambridge professor
cum-FBI informant.  His theory -- if you can dignify it with that term
-- can only be appreciated by those steeped in the ridiculous lies of
Fox News and others with no record of quality journalism.  He mentions
conspiracy theories but cannot recognize one coming from his own pen.

When did the Right move from, "This is how it should be," to "Look how
mean the Left is being!"?

Briefly, congratulations to Adrian Mandeville.  Being called a dog on
these pages by Don Denley is a rite of passage.  I was an "attack
dog".  You're a "pit bull".  Welcome to the club!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
