Title: Another American Party
Date: 2019-03-11
Tags: Republicans
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

There once was another American political party.  I wonder what's
happened to it?

This party believed America had to present strength to the world.
They stared down Communism until it blinked and the world changed.
They were generous with their allies and firm with their foes.  They
wouldn't have abided a leader who consorted with Kim Jong Un, Vladimir
Putin, and Rodrigo Duterte while estranging us from traditional
allies.  Has anyone seen this party around?

This party claimed to be fiscal hawks, obsessing over federal budget
deficits and growing debt.  They would never have countenanced
trillions more debt in to offer small temporary relief to ordinary
Americans and large permanent relief to rich corporations.  Has this
party been checked into a hospital?

This party saw itself as the arbiter of morality.  They impeached a
President for perjury about a consensual private affair.  Now with a
President who serially cheated on his wives, who bragged about
sexually assaulting various women, who doesn't even seem to know the
difference between truth and lies, there is no outcry.  Dare we
suggest that this party might be dead?

This party had a storied history.  They were the liberal force
bringing down slavery, the trust-busters restraining the Robber
Barons, the warriors warning of the military-industrial complex.  Also
they were the conservatives resisting the nanny state, the
deregulators freeing business to focus on business, the law enforcers
stomping out crime.  Does this party have a grave site we can visit?

What happened to Morning in America?  To the free-traders?  To the
moral majority?  And what is this upstart party which today stands for
only two things, giving tax cuts to the rich and protecting an
incompetent buffoon from his own follies?

There once was another American political party.  What could have
happened to it?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
