Title: Our Social Contract
Date: 2019-04-28
Tags: Democracy, Libertarianism
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

One libertarian myth attracts a small, dedicated group of believers.
It says that the government of a free people must be as small as
possible, that any program outside some tiny core demonstrates
creeping authoritarianism.   It says individualism trumps any
collectivism, claiming that expansions of the scope of government are
solely due to whiners looking for handouts.

Nonsense.  Balderdash.  Poppycock.

Government is not imposed on a free people.  The Declaration of
Independence puts it well: governments derive "their just powers from
the consent of the governed." Government, by definition, is collective
action.

People suggesting debt-free college or Medicare for all are not
looking for a pampering central authority.  They are discussing what
kind of society we choose to be.  The Declaration notes that a
government lays "its foundation on such principles and [organizes] its
powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their
Safety and Happiness."  When we discuss whether having a healthy
populace is crucial or whether cost should no longer be a deterrent to
a good education, then we are performing a central duty of a free
people.

These libertarians are rarely consistent.  Few of them would accept
this anti-collectivist argument: "Why should I pay anything for the
court system?  I've never sued anyone or been sued!  Why should I pay
for the military or police  when my house has never been burgled and
my town never been invaded?  Only those who choose these services
should have to pay for them."  In principle, this is no different from
someone declaring that environmental protection or education is not an
essential government function.

The libertarian credo is just camouflage for the claim that only one
set of priorities is actually important and anyone with a different
set is a taker.  That is not how democracy works.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
