Title: Partisan Economies
Date: 2019-02-18
Tags: Economy, Democrats, Republicans
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I recently mentioned that the economy does better under Democratic
presidents than Republican ones, under almost any measure.  This is a
somewhat boring follow-up to that, backing it up with numbers showing
these partisan differences from 1948 through 2012.  This information
is in Blinder and Watson's 2014 paper. (http://bit.ly/blinder-watson)

GDP growth averaged 2.54% under Republicans, 4.35% under Democrats.
Growth per capita is similar, as is growth across most industries.
The economy was in recession an average of 1.1 quarters during
Democratic terms and 4.6 quarters during Republican ones.

Employment growth under Democrats averaged 2.59% and under
Republicans, 1.17%.  The unemployment rate for the Democrats averaged
5.64% and for the Republicans 6.01%. (This was not statistically
significant.)

The S & P 500 Index grew at an annual 2.70% rate under the GOP and at
8.08% when a Democrat was in the White House.  Corporate profits grew
5.62% during Democratic administrations and 4.74% during Republican
ones.

Worker hourly productivity grew 2.55% and compensation at 1.81% during
Democratic years, but by 2.08% and 1.43%, respectively. during
Republican ones.  Budget deficit averaged 1.5% of GDP for Democrats
and 2.2% for Republicans.

The inflation rate was 2.97% for Democrats and 3.2% for Republicans;
it rose an average of 1.05 percentage points over a Democratic term
and fell an average of 0.83 points during a Republican one.  This is
less hopeful to Republicans than it sounds, though, since rising
inflation is a sign of high growth, falling inflation of low growth.

There is little to explain these facts.  My point is not that
Democratic presidents are much better for the economy than are
Republicans.  I actually believe the president has little to do with
year-to-year economic performance.  But some seem to think that
Republican are much better for the economy.  They are wrong, pure and
simple.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
