Title: RHAM Board
Date: 2007-04-17
Topics: Board of Education, RHAM, Endorsement
People: Mark Madore, Danny Holtsclaw 
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This election, Andover has the opportunity to make a real impact on the RHAM
Board of Education.  There are two candidates who can bring significant
expertise to the Board and whose experiences in the community will help Andover
and the RHAM Board regain the mutual respect that has been lacking lately.

As a member of the Andover Board of Education – and I would appreciate your vote
too! – I know that overseeing a school system requires many disparate skills.
Mark Madore and Daniel Holtsclaw will each bring something unique and valuable
to the RHAM Board.

Mark has been a pivotal member of the facilities committee for the Andover
School System.  His expertise in the building trades has helped us improve and
maintain an excellent facility in a cost-effective manner.  And as a parent
involved in the schools and as a sports coach, Mark has done a great deal for
Andover's children.

Danny brings unusual skills to the Board.  His profession involves risk
management for a large school system.  He brings expertise in insurance,
contracts, building security, and other risk-related concerns.  Each of these
skills is hard to find in a small community; to have them all in on one
individual is a rare opportunity.

Both Mark and Danny are congenial and even-tempered.  They will help raise the
level of discourse on the Board.  Moreover they are certain to garner the
respect of other members and so will be able to effectively promote Andover's
interests.

So I urge all Andover residents to split your ticket across party lines and vote
for Danny Holtsclaw and Mark Madore for the RHAM Board of Education. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
