Title: Andover's Silly Season
Date: 2007-06-13
Topics: Andover, Budget
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Andover has entered the silly season.  The budget has been defeated twice in an
uproar over salaries.  The Board of Finance, whose diligence and accord has been
instrumental in undoing the mess, is now squabbling.  Others are proposing
squeezing out a few more nickels.

A supplemental tax paid off previous years' overspending.  But we slashed basic
services.  The rainy day fund is almost dry.  Our roads are falling apart.  This
year's budget takes baby steps towards rectifying these problems.  The increase
looks high because last year's budget was so low, decreasing non-educational
spending 20%.  The current proposed tax increase is 4.2% and the average
bottom-line increase for the past two years is only 2.5%.  If you include the
money previously overspent, this year's is lower than the 05-06 budget.  We
aren't overspending.

Some claim officials' salaries are too high and other employees received little.
Nonsense.  The salaries are still well below what comparable officials in most
towns receive.  Other employees may get too little; this should be addressed by
the Board of Finance.  But elected officials' salaries are set by a town
meeting.  We did that.  I'm sorry some don't like the results, but that's how
democracy works.

A member of the Board of Finance recommends rejecting the budget.  This is
disturbing.  On the Board of Education, we hash things out at our public
meetings, but once a decision is made, we don't publicly criticize it.  Whether
we agree with one another or not, we don't snipe, we don't bicker; we present a
united face.  It's a shame the Board of Finance can't do the same.  The most
conservative and the most liberal members of the board and several former First
Selectmen spoke in favor of the budget.  It's disappointing to see members
breaking this accord.

The proposed cuts don't mean much in a $10 million budget.  All the cuts
discussed don't even total the $27,000 that would reduce the mill rate 0.1
points.  That's 0.27% of the budget, or $9 per capita.  For my family of four,
it's around $3 per month.  If we have that much surplus at the end of the year,
let's improve our emergency fund.

Let's get together and vote to pass this reasonable budget.  Let's end the silly
season!  

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
