Title: Once Again
Date: 2007-07-03
Topics: Andover, Budget
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Once again Andover will try to adopt a budget.  Once again we've slashed
services until it hurts.  Once again the important issues are being drowned out
in a cacophony of nonsense.  And if we're not careful, once again, our town will
face a serious financial crisis of our own making.

Once again, misinformation was published in a recent letter.  The mill rate
actually decreased in the latest budget.  The new mill rate is 26.3.  That means
that the average bottom-line increase over the last two years is 2.54%.  Our
previous administration overspent several years' budgets so much that we ended
up $750,000 in debt.  If we add just a third of that to the 05-06 budget, the
average annual spending increase is only 1.22%.  If we compare to last year the
numbers look higher, because last year, with the financial fiasco hanging over
our heads, we removed everything we could in order to pass a budget.  Even so,
focusing on the bottom-line increase isn't that important.  Most of us are more
interested in how our taxes are affected.  This year's tax increase is 4.24%.
If you compare it to 2005, the average annual increase is 1.13%.  Including
one-third of the surcharge in the 2005-06 budget we get an actual average annual
decrease of 0.62% per year!

Once again, complaints have been published that we didn't have up-to-date
year-to-date figures at the Town Meeting.  Having three-week old figures was
unfortunate, but expecting up-to-the-minute numbers is missing the point.  No
significant budget can possibly get each line item right.  The question at the
end of the year is how far off were the various lines, and how close was the
overall total?  I'm sure this year energy costs were underestimated and snow
removal was overestimated; that doesn't proves much.  Using these incomplete
numbers to adjust spending priorities simply invites trouble.

Once again, salaries of elected officials are under discussion.  The petition
submitted should get the discussion going again.  When the time comes, I have
what I think will be a reasonable compromise to offer. But let's not let this
issue stand in the way of our budgeting process.

Once again, we have the opportunity to stop all the bickering and get our town
back on track.  Once again, I urge Andover voters to approve the budget.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
