Title: Andover Web Site Still Running
Date: 2008-09-30
Topics: Andover, Website
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The rumors are not true.  Andover's web site is not being shut down.  It is only
the status of the Website Committee which is changing.  A new state law is
forcing towns to make radical changes to the way their websites are managed.
Some small towns are shutting down their sites altogether.  We're going a
different route and will try to keep the site running with a committee modeled
after the Friends of the Library or the PTA.

The new law (PA 08-3, HB 6502) says that any public agency, which includes not
only the Board of Selectmen and the Board of Finance, but also the
Beautification Committee and the Memorial Day Committee, must post the record of
any votes taken at their meeting within 48 hours and the minutes within seven
days of every meeting.  They must be submitted to the Town Clerk, and posted on
"such public agency's Internet web site, if available."

While the Andover Website Committee does try to post minutes in a timely
fashion, we cannot guarantee this fast a turn-around, and yet we must do so or
run afoul of the new law.  But the "if available" clause seems to imply that
towns without an official web site simply don't have this worry.  We're hoping
the General Assembly will note the unintended consequences of their action and
alter the law soon, but for the moment we're restructuring the committee.

And the committee could use some help.

We're almost ready to launch an updated version of the site that we hope will be
easier to use and more informative, but really could use extra hands to do so.
You don't need any particular skills to participate, just a willingness to help.
Please e-mail webmaster@andoverct.org if you'd like to volunteer. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
