Title: Gun Solutions
Date: 2013-01-20
Topics: Gun Control, NRA
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In the wake of the Sandy Hook shootings, the National Rifle Association has been
making several interesting arguments. According to the NRA we don't have a gun
problem at all. We have a terrible mental health epidemic and a glaring lack of
security at places like our elementary schools. We should post armed guards in
the schools and figure out some screening process to identify dangerously
unstable individuals unsuitable for gun ownership.

I think I have sensible compromises to offer on both of these issues.

If the gun industry thinks posting guards at our schools is so important, then
they should foot the bill. There are about 250,000 schools in this country.
Smaller schools might only need one guard; some might need a handful. Let's be
reasonable, and suggest annual salary, including benefits of $60,000 per guard.
Oh, and perhaps we should consider movie theaters too, and a few other venues,
wherever people might be vulnerable to a nutjob with an Uzi. Maybe the NRA
itself could bring this proposal back to its membership and to the industry that
funds it. It probably shouldn't cost much more than $100 billion annually.

And second, as to the mental health issue, this one could be even easier. Guns
that fire dozens or hundreds of rounds a minute, and the clips that feed them,
guns that can't be used for hunting and are not appropriate to defending one's
home, that's just crazy right? So let's codify that. We want to keep guns out of
the hands of those with dangerous psychoses. Why don't we simply consider the
ownership of, or the desire to own, assault weapons and ammunition definitive
evidence of such a dangerous mental illness?

Problems solved!


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
