Title: National Popular Vote
Date: 2017-01-29
Topics: National Popular Vote, Electoral College
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

You don't matter.

I know it sounds horrible, but it's true.  To presidential candidates,
Connecticut voters simply don't matter.  Democratic candidates take us for
granted and Republican ones don't even try.

We're not alone.  Alabama voters don't matter.  California voters don't matter.
Texas voters don't matter.  The only ones candidates care about are those in the
handful of swing states.

We could discuss the unbalanced weighting of the Electoral College: voters from
Wyoming have 3.6 times the influence as those from Texas or New York.  That is
important, but it's minor compared to the fact that the candidates' focus is
entirely on voters from a small set of states.  It's not just that this is
undemocratic.  It's also very warping.  What if those states don't represent the
interests of the people as a whole?  When all candidates pander to the same
minority, we all lose.

This is not beyond repair. True, the Electoral College is enshrined in our
Constitution, and there's no chance of getting enough states to agree to an
amendment.  But the National Popular Vote is an interstate compact that might do
an end-run by agreeing to pool all their electoral votes for the national
popular vote winner.  When this consortium includes states with 270 electoral
votes, the compact goes into effect.  Right now there are eleven states, with
165 votes between them.

Connecticut could be next.  Please call your state senators and representatives
to support Senate Bill #9 and House Bill #5434.  Next election, let's make sure
that the candidates pay just as much attention to Connecticut voters as they do
to those from Ohio and Florida.

Next time, let's ensure that our votes actually matter.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
