Title: Why was Comey Fired?
Date: 2017-05-14
Topics: James Comey, Republicans, Daily Caller, Breitbart, Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnell
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Does anyone believe Donald Trump's protestations that the firing of James Comey
had nothing to do with the Russian investigation?

Why yes, according to the polls, Republicans believe this.

Upton Sinclair said, "It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when
his salary depends upon his not understanding it."  Or in this case, his
ideology.  While we won't know the truth about this incident without a thorough
investigation, it is a symptom of something quite disturbing.  Our nation is
polarized over truth itself.  What one side views as facts, the other thinks
nonsense. Worse, this is mostly one-sided.  Republicans too easily swallow
absurd lies as truth.

We see it on these pages: letters suggesting a landslide win for Donald Trump,
letters promoting ridiculous fallacies about Obamacare, letters denying global
warming, letters claiming vast voter fraud. But these are not matters of
opinion.  There are cold, hard facts involved.

It's difficult to believe the entire Republican Party has gone off the deep end.
Where are the Republicans with intellectual integrity? There once were actual
conservatives in the party promoting ideals, not expediency.  Conservatives
should object to Donald Trump as much as liberals do.  But we don't hear their
voices.  Why?  Has the Republican Party abandoned conservatism?  Are they all as
spineless as Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell?

Our society is ill-served by the right-wing news media that spreads such
misinformation.  The Daily Caller, Breitbart, even Fox News, are stifling
critical thinking abilities.  We are also ill-served by that journalism that
attempts to balance opposite sides of an issue when one is clearly wrong.  Equal
time for the flat-earthers insults the very notion of truth.

... Does anyone believe Donald Trump's protestations that the Comey firing had
nothing to do with the Russian investigation? Unfortunately, most Republicans
do.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
