Title: Paris Agreement
Date: 2017-06-02
Topics: Global Warming, Donald Trump
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Earth is heating up.  Quickly.  Human beings are largely responsible.
Denying this is like arguing with the doctor who says you have a fever.

The world came together to address this.  The Paris Agreement is no panacea, but
it's a start.  All countries managed to agree, save Syria -- whose government is
in shambles -- and Nicaragua -- who thinks it doesn't go far enough.  And now,
thanks to our so-called president, the United States joins them.  Syria,
Nicaragua, the United States... great company.

It's infuriating to recognize that had Donald Trump negotiated it, he would call
an identical agreement "a tremendous win".  That's not the important point,
though; it's obvious that Mr. Trump has no integrity and no idea what honesty
even means.  No, there are two important considerations.

First, we are destroying our environment.  The U.S. bears great responsibility:
the largest per-capita producer of greenhouse gasses, and second overall.  These
will cause mayhem with our environment, making seas rise, changing weather
patterns, and killing off many species.

Second, the United States had been a world leader.  We helped maintained order,
and served as an example of democracy and freedom. Although we were far from
perfect, the world looked to us for guidance.  We have abdicated.  China will
pick up the mantle of environmental leadership.  On other issues, what country
will respect America's promises?  Who will trust a country that abandons trade
agreements, challenges its top military alliance, and withdraws from the attempt
to prevent ecological catastrophe?

In just a few months this administration has surpassed the corruption of the
Nixon administration, the incompetence of the Carter administration, and the
sheer evil of the Bush Jr. one.  Do we have to wait until Democrats retake the
House to start impeachment proceedings?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
