Title: Flip Flop
Date: 2017-04-16
Topics: Donald Trump, NATO
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Donald Trump on NATO: "I said it was obsolete.  It's no longer obsolete."

Remember that anti-Dukakis ad with the gymnast flip-flopping?  Sped up a
thousand-fold, it wouldn't begin to capture the changing positions of our
so-called president.

NATO is no longer obsolete.  By fiat?  NATO has not changed, only Mr. Trump's
opinions.  Why?  Probably because his most recent conversation about it was with
the NATO Secretary General.

NATO is no longer obsolete, huh?  I don't believe politicians should religiously
stick to their positions.  It's a sign of maturity to admit one was wrong.  But
this is not a change in positions.  It's pure narcissism, expressing his change
of mind as a change in the real world.

NATO is no longer obsolete.  What does it mean to be obsolete?  Simply that some
stranger on the bus -- sorry, in the limo -- told Donald Trump a tale, and he
believed it... until someone else told him a different one?

NATO is no longer obsolete.  At least he has remained consistent on other major
issues, right?  China is still a currency manipulator. Russia should still be
our best friend.  We still won't get involved in the Syrian quagmire.  Janet
Yellin is still incompetent.  The Export-Import bank still has to go.  We're
still eliminating the national debt in his first term.  We still need to freeze
federal hiring.  And the monthly unemployment numbers are still phony.  No,
really?  He has reversed himself on all these issues?  It's been a busy week!
No wonder the man who was never going to need a vacation has golfed continually
and spent most weekends at his resort.

NATO was never obsolete.  It's a certain politician who's obsolete. What does
politeness dictate?  How long before it's appropriate to start impeachment
proceedings?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
