Title: Remember The Context
Date: 2019-02-23
Topics: Economy, Stock Market, Bill Clinton, Donald Trump, Barrack Obama, Bill Clinton
People: Ed Kozlowski
TeaserParagraphs: 3
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Folks, Ed Kozlowski believes "Liberal opinion is above reproach."  He calls
progressives thinkers, "selfless, intelligent, caring, understanding, [...]
funny, educated," etc.

Did he say these things?  Yes.  Did he mean them?  No; his irony was manifest.
Claiming he meant them is something known as contextomy, the logical fallacy of
quoting out of context.

Mr. Kozlowski is an expert in this.

I decried the failing Trump administration, mentioning the economy as the only
bright spot.  I claimed Mr. Trump could not take credit since, "10-year charts
of stock prices, unemployment, or total jobs [show] these numbers merely
continue trends from the early Obama years," then analyzed stock market
performance.

His response detailed more market numbers, associated all progressives with the
Occupy movement, and derived a contradiction. He alleged that progressives
"avoid citing job creation and unemployment numbers." No, my letter had
discussed them.  I pushed back: "Those crediting the Trump administration for
the economy must explain why Democratic administrations have invariably been
better."

Had that been the end of it, fine; he'd simply misread.  He tried again: "You
brought up stock market performance as a political benchmark.  I read it, and
offered a retort.  Are you in disagreement with my statistics?"  No, 2017 was a
great year for the stock market. Does he disagree that the economy does better
under Democratic presidents?  Again, he claims a contradiction with certain
progressives' disparagement of Wall Street.  Even if he could find evidence I
support the Occupiers, there is still no contradiction.

Please, everyone, respect the context.

Also, Mr. Kozlowski talks about apologists for Obama and Clinton. Obama's
administration has little need of apologists. I'm not an apologist for Clinton.
I think he was the worst president of my fifty-three years, save just a few:
Nixon, Ford, Carter, Reagan, the Bushes, and our incumbent.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
