Title: Distortion Contortions
Date: 2019-02-10
Topics: Economy, Progressives
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We admire those facing difficult situations who stick to their guns. We might
call them steadfast or even heroic.  But when sticking to one's guns involves
holding beliefs in the face of convincing contradictory evidence, there are
other words: stubborn, intractable, obdurate.

One letter-writer, presented with evidence contradicting his ideas about the
minimum wage, merely repeated his theory.  When supplied further evidence, he
retreated to a remedial economics lesson, offering no data whatsoever.  This is
not heroic; it's bullheaded.

Another writer -- presumably in response to my letter -- claims liberals are
distorting the truth.  He clearly didn't read that letter.  He offers no
examples, no rebuttals, only vague comments on the economy,  Wall Street,
black-face, and Cuban baseball games.  This is not steadfast; it's intransigent.

Liberals are not "extolling stock market performance" under Democratic
presidents.  The point is that those crediting the Trump administration for the
economy must explain why Democratic administrations have invariably been better.
Doing better than other Republican administrations is too low a bar.  The
economy performs much better under Democrats.

Nor do liberals "avoid citing job creation and unemployment numbers." I'd
pointed out that these exact numbers show continuing trends from the Obama
years, not any bump from current policies.

If this writer believes Obama's indifference toward Israel compares to Trump's
offending Europe, much of the Middle East and Africa, Australia, Mexico, and
even Canada, then he entirely misunderstands the world.  Then he conflates
Trump's embrace of dictators with Obama attending a Cuban baseball game.

Shown constant issues with the Trump administration, his supporters squirm to
find any example they think demonstrates Obama or Clinton doing something
vaguely related.  Usually those aren't true, but even when they are, anecdotes
do not rise to the level of systematic problems.  The actual distortion is in
these contortions.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
