Title: Wearing Masks
Date: 2020-05-23
Topics: Covid, Conservatism, Cooperation
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The coronavirus crisis demonstrates one difference between conservatism and
liberalism. Conservatism promotes competition and the virtue of selfishness. It
argues that freedom arises when individuals compete in literal and philosophical
marketplaces for selfish goals. Modern liberalism says there is also benefit in
cooperation. It notes that governments and other institutions arise as
cooperative associations for mutual benefit.

Who resists wearing a face mask?

Conservatives, of course. "Wearing a mask does not protect me from the virus.
Why should I erode my freedom, consenting to this tyrannical and uncomfortable
fashion accessory?" (That these same people insist that bulletproof backpacks,
armed school guards, and live-shooter drills are just the price of freedom is a
future discussion.)

They're correct. Face masks do little to protect wearers. Liberals agree; why
don't they also object? Simple: liberals understand we are part of a society.
Group well-being sometimes trumps personal choices. Wearing a mask does not
protect me; it protects those around me. Having others wear masks protects me.

"But," sputter the conservatives, "didn't Benjamin Franklin say, 'Those who
would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve
neither Liberty nor Safety?'" Yes. He also said, "We must, indeed, all hang
together or, most assuredly, we shall all hang separately." Wearing a mask to
reduce the spread of a pandemic is not a major infringement on liberty. It's a
collective solution to a shared problem.

For centuries, philosophers debated how altruism might arise in a society of
self-interest. In the 1980s, social scientists found the answer. Robert
Axelrod's The Evolution of Cooperation demonstrates mathematically that a small
collection of cooperating individuals can out-compete their more selfish
brethren. Liberals' notion of community action even at some loss to oneself is
evolutionarily sound.

So wear your masks.  By benefiting your community, you also benefit yourself.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
