Title: Merchants of Doubt
Date: 2020-03-20
Topics: Science, Global Warming, Tobacco, Ozone, Star Wars
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A few months ago I wrote a letter describing certain scientific environmentalist
successes. I've learned that there's much more to that story. I just read
Oreskes and Conway's _Merchants of Doubt_, and I highly recommend it (or the
documentary based on it.) It describes how since the 1950s there has been a
coordinated effort to discredit inconvenient science, how an overlapping cast of
characters has been involved in denying that tobacco causes lung cancer, that
Reagan's Star Wars idea was infeasible, that power company emissions cause acid
rain, that CFCs cause the ozone hole, that second-hand smoke is dangerous, and
that burning fossil fuels causes global warming.

This process started with the tobacco companies. Because they had no reasonable
way to attack the science heads-on, they formed an array of pseudo-independent
organizations meant only to sow doubt about the science. They managed to
convince journalists to cover this as though there was actual scientific
controversy. They kept this up forty years, selling many more cigarettes along
the way.

This worked so well that although scientists made it clear that Reagan's Star
Wars wasn't possible, a small group used the tobacco play-book to attack the
science detailing nuclear winter. The same people then promoted acid rain
denial, ozone obfuscation, and the current project of denying global warming.

In each of these cases, the science is clear. But former cold warriors like Fred
Singer, Robert Jastrow, Fred Leitz, and Bill Nierenberg made a career of
muddying the waters, trying to make us believe the answers are not
well-established. They found gullible journalists and bystanders to promote
their fantasies. The book makes a credible case that the motivation of such
once-prominent scientists is that they believe they're still fighting Communism,
that regulations yield a slippery slope towards socialism.

It's well worth a read.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
