Title: Sedition
Date: 2021-01-18
Topics: Capitol Hill Riots, Antifa
People: Don Denley
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Unsurprisingly, last issue contained numerous letters condemning the Capitol
attack. Also unsurprising, Don Denley takes a different tack. He weasels,
claiming to condemn the violence but drawing unjustified parallels with other
recent events.

Where to start? How about this? "It would be difficult to ascertain whether they
were infiltrated by members of Antifa... but it's entirely possible." This
sounds like, "Have you stopped beating your wife?" It is the worst kind of
weaseling, making a claim by pretending it's an open question. Well it's not
true. This has been fact-checked, and it's an unvarnished lie.
(http://sauyet.com/link/8)

Or how about this? "I was deeply saddened to see a young Air Force female --
unarmed -- shot to death by security. [...] Just imagine if this officer had
shot and killed a Black Lives Matter protester." Funny, I don't recall Mr.
Denley critiquing the police violence marring otherwise peaceful BLM protests
this summer. Is it that clubs and cruisers and pepper spray are fine but guns
are not? Yes, these were mostly peaceful protests, with violence usually
instigated by the police. See http://sauyet.com/link/9. And "a young Air Force
female"?! Does anyone believe that he would have written "a young Air Force
male"? Why does her gender matter?

And how about calling Antifa "a large, violent, anti-government organization?"
Obviously he cites no evidence for this. There is none. Antifa is a loosely knit
collection of opponents of fascism across the country. They promote direct
action, sometimes even violence, and many on the left criticize them for that,
but there is little actual violence. Of course, the right-wing has perpetrated
the majority of all recent US terrorist incidents. (http://sauyet.com/link/10)

Mr. Denley, weaseling demeans you. If you believe something, state it. If you
claim to have facts, please cite some sources.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
