Title: Real Evidence
Date: 2021-11-12
Topics: Evidence, Anthony Fauci, Joe Biden, Rand Paul, Richard Ebright
People: Gary Gile
Note:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Although this was written to be included in the November 12th issue, I did not
notice that there was an ealier deadline for that week.  It did end up in the
November 19th one.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I applaud Gary Gile for sharing links on his topics. But he shouldn't expect us
to take them seriously. First is https://tinyurl.com/fauci-non-truth, which
points to a tweet from Rand Paul. As Paul has no relevant credentials and has
been publicly feuding with Fauci, he's not a credible source, but let's follow
further:

Paul merely retweets Richard H. Ebright, with a snide I-told-you-so aside.
Ebright is a more credible source, with actual scientific credentials and a
reputation as a fierce critic of bio-weapons research. He claims a letter from
the National Institue of Health (NIH) shows that grantee EcoHealth attempted to
make a bat coronavirus more dangerous to humans (known as "gain of function".)
The letter (http://link.sauyet.com/nih) is only two pages, easily readable. In
fact, it says the exact opposite. I have no idea why Ebright misrepresents this,
but Rand Paul and Gary Gile seizing upon it as evidence only demonstrates
people's inability or unwillingness to read.

The next link points to a news aggregator reposting material from The Washington
Examiner. This right-wing site has a credibility problem
(https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/washington-examiner/.) But the biggest issue is
that this is an *opinion* piece, not a news article. It's not evidence for
anything, except perhaps ineptness in citing.

Next, we visit a random YouTuber breathlessly trying to debunk something and
confusing rainstorms with global wind patterns. Then an opinion piece from
Murdoch's Sky News (again untrustworthy:
https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/sky-news-australia/), preaching to some other
choir; I see little sign in it of Biden's faculties declining. There was a fifth
one, but I simply don't have the heart to continue.

Links are a step in the right direction. But if we're going to use them to
bolster an argument, we need to refer to credible sources producing information
and not to others who happen to promote our personal opinion.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
