Title: BLM and Ashli Babbit
Date: 2021-08-06
Topics: Capitol Hill Riots, Ashli Babbit
People: Don Denley
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Six months ago I wrote a letter (http://letters.sauyet.com/#/2021-01-18/)
critiquing Don Denley's response to the Capitol Hill insurrection. This week he
replied.

The police officer -- who was protecting our Congressional representatives from
an angry armed mob -- Mr. Denley calls an assassin. He calls our president
feeble-minded. He claims I have an inflated opinion of myself but am really a
little-read hack. I wonder if he understands the definition of "assassin". I
wonder if he thinks the former guy -- who rarely strings together two coherent
words, never mind a sentence -- was sharperer than Biden. And I wonder if he's
looked in the mirror lately.

His critique of the investigation into Babbit's death is spot-on. The police
should make their results public.

But he again brings up comparisons with the BLM movement. Here he becomes
absurd, saying that if Babbit were non-white, the left would be up in arms. No,
I'm afraid not. If it had been a black citizen killed by police while storming
the barricades erected to protect our Senators and Representative from a mob
trying to overturn a legitimate election and prevent the peaceful transfer of
power, then no, the left would not complain.

Compare this to Eric Garner, Michael Brown, Tamir Rice, Eric Harris, Freddy
Gray, Stephon Clark, Breonna Taylor, George Floyd and all the other unarmed
Black folks killed by police for the selling loose cigarettes, for playing with
a toy, for suspicions of counterfeiting, for walking in one's own grandmother's
back yard, and for even less. Examine the list of 229 Black people killed by
police in the year after George Floyd's murder (http://link.sauyet.com/26). If
you can't see the difference between these cases and that of Ashli Babbit, then
you should probably remove youself from polite society before you hurt someone.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
