Title: Mainstream Media
Date: 2021-03-19
Topics: Media, Journalism
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

An interesting phrase is overused in public discourse: "mainstream media". We
should define such highly used terms; after extensive analysis I can report that
"mainstream media" means "news sources I disagree with."

That's all.

When people tell you the truth is to be found on some obscure website, but that
"the mainstream media are covering it up," you can be 99.99% certain that their
"truth" is pure nonsense. If you hear, "That's what they want you to think,"
it's this same balderdash.

When some MSNBC or Fox talking head describes a story "the mainstream media was
too timid to cover", it means they have some fact-free, sensationalized idea
with no credible expert support. For believers, the very fact that the experts
disagree is itself evidence it must be true -- pure delusion.

The phrase was once used equally by the left and the right, but the left has
moved to on to "corporate-owned media", which means mostly the same thing. These
days "mainstream media" connotes "journalism that doesn't agree with my
preconceived conservative ideas".

People using "mainstream media" imply they have access to highly credible,
well-hidden sources the rest of us have overlooked. That's almost never true.
Instead it means that because they don't like the facts, they will proclaim
falsehoods that suit them better. Think global warming deniers. Think
anti-vaxxers.

You see this everywhere. A recent letter was a good example, suggesting that
Ponzi-schemer Martin Armstrong was locked up not for fraud and not because he
wouldn't return his ill-gotten gains, but because he wanted to keep his source
code private. I'm sure the writer would tell you that the mainstream media got
all this wrong. Hint: you can believe the normal press, court filings, and many
rebuttal websites over Armstrong's own pages.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
