Title: Balderdash
Date: 2021-09-17
Topics: Joe Biden, Covid, Religion
People: Gary Gile, Ed Smith
TeaserParagraphs: 3
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Two things.

First, I was surprised to agree with a recent letter from Gary Gile. He had
described some serious concerns and presented actual facts. Last week he
returned to true form and shared a laundry list of falsehoods and
conspiracy-minded nonsense.

He structured his complaints as a review of the first months of President
Biden's term, but talked about trends continuing from the previous
administration: think murder rate, illegal immigration, gas prices, and
especially the Covid pandemic. (More details at FactCheck:
http://link.sauyet.com/29.)

Most egregious was his Covid take. First, "so-called pandemic"? How can he
suggest this has been anything but a pandemic with over 219 million cases
worldwide and 4.5 million deaths? He makes some crack about the recent flu
season. It was far lower than normal for the simple and obvious reason that the
flu is transmitted by the same mechanisms as Covid so all the Covid-prevention
measures helped prevent the flu.

Worst, though was his claim that Covid is no more deadly than the yearly flu.
How can you credit anything said by someone claiming such obvious balderdash? An
average flu season in the US claims around 36,000 lives. Covid in the last
eighteen months has claimed over 660,000. It seems to have an infection fatality
rate ten to twenty times greater than the flu. These are not hard facts to find.

Second, Edmund Smith overstates his case regarding the origins of Christian
beliefs. Certainly, scholars can find antecedents for nearly every facet of the
religion. A few, like Christmas/Saturnalia and the English name for Easter are
well documented. The rest is at best well-grounded speculation. For someone who
chides people for not understanding science and its methods, his letters are a
little too cavalier in their confident historical claims about ancient events
without any contemporaneous documentation.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
