Title: Keep Arguing
Date: 2021-12-10
Topics: Progressivism, Conservatism, Citizeens United, Donald Trump, Global Warming
People: Marcie Miner
TeaserParagraphs: 1
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A debate rages in Rivereast letters. Marcie Miner suggests we stop arguing about
politics, offering alternative suggestions. Hers agenda is unquestionably
progressive: supporting seniors, children, the poor, the hungry, the addicted,
and removing money from politics. That pure progressivism is what one side of
this debate promotes.

This debate is important. When the other side won the debate, the Supreme Court
selected Bush over Gore, we got Roberts and Alito on the Supreme Court, and its
Citizen's United decision ended campaign finance reform. Progressives seek to
change this; conservatives *like* it when the rich dominate our system.

This debate is crucial. When the other side won the debate, it was captured by
Donald Trump and his attempt to tear down democratic institutions, leading to
our country's greatest crisis since the Civil War. I remember when conservatives
discussed spreading freedom and democracy around the world. Now they claim the
U.S. has never been a democracy. Their idea of freedom is the right for their
children to hear no history that makes them uncomfortable and the right to bring
guns wherever they choose, even if we sacrifice some innocent high-schoolers.

This debate is a matter of life and death. When the other side won the debate,
we dropped any attempt to curb global warming. We're burning down the world we
should be tending for our children. To appease its fossil-fuel donors,
conservatives would sacrifice the health and safety of coming generations.

This does not describe all conservatives -- hello Georgette! --but it has become
the dominant ideology of the husk of conservatism and the remains of the
Republican party. To defeat it, progressives must win the debate and change
minds. So no, don't stop arguing. It's a necessary first step to our safety, to
our survival.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
