Title: True Patriotism
Date: 2021-07-02
Topics: Patriotism
People: Jason LaChapelle
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Today we paint the patriots as Nazis," says Jason LaChapelle. No. We paint as
Nazis those whose leader points to one group and blames it for all ills, calls
the free press the enemy of the people, sends police against peaceful
protesters, shouts lies to drowns out the truth, incites followers to
insurrection to keep him in power. Those duped by a con-man like this are not
patriots. They understand nothing about our country. They are cowards wallowing
in the fear of change.

"The media," he continues, "refer to them as racist, sexist bigots." No. True
patriots know this country was founded on tolerance and continually expands that
tolerance, covering more of the excluded. The racist, sexist bigots marched in
Charlottesville protesting the removal of monuments to traitors, chanting, "Jews
will not replace us." They voted for "Grab them by the P***y" over the most
qualified candidate in a generation -- because was a woman.

He is right: "Patriotism is not stupid, pointless or wrong." Patriotism is
support for the ideals of our nation, ideals of freedom, of care for our
neighbors and communities, of inclusivity and tolerance. Patriotism is the
respect for the sacrifices of those who help win and keep those freedoms --
those who've fought in wartime and those who've helped expand our rights, people
like Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Frederick Douglass, Frances Perkins, César Chávez,
Martin Luther King, Jr., and Audre Lorde.

Mr. LaChapelle promotes Nathan Hale as the consummate patriot. Remember, Hale
was rebelling against the government, trying to fix things, to increase freedom.
That is patriotism. It's not uncritical support for the military or love of the
flag. True patriots love the ideals of our nation, yet strive to improve it.
Those acting oppressed because others gain freedoms are the exact opposite of
true patriots.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
