Title: No Alternative Facts
Date: 2021-10-22
Topics: Covid, Facts, Joseph Mercola
People: Gary Gile
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Again we have a letter comparing Anthony Fauci to Joseph Mercola. This is simply
tedious. Mercola, we are told, has no "skin in the game" regarding vaccines but
Fauci does. Um, what?

Mercola sells alternative medicines. He makes his fortune from dietary
supplements, tanning beds, juicers, and similar paraphenalia. Anti-vaxxers are
his natural market. It's hard to imagine *anyone* with more skin in the game.
(More info: http://letters.sauyet.com/#/pages/mercola/) Fauci, by contrast, is a
salaried government official with only his reputation at stake, which would be
enhanced by a rapid Covid decline. To imagine Fauci benefits from some vast
conspiracy to push unnecessary vaccines -- and that Mercola is an uninterested
bystander who happens to oppose vaccines -- takes a degree of mental gymnastics
imposible to fathom.

But the problem in Gary Gile's letter goes deeper. He tell us, "Everyone is
entitled to their own biased opinion." Sure. However, as Senator Moynihan
explained, "Everyone is entitled to his own opinion, but not his own facts."
Feel free to believe that maple walnut ice cream is better than butter pecan; I
won't judge... much. You can choose the Yankees over the Red Sox if your
conscience allows. You're even free to imagine that trickle-down economics
actually works; I mean, some people still buy that tooth fairy business.

But serious scientific studies demonstrate the efficacy of Covid vaccines. 95%
of new cases happen in the unvaccinated 33% of the population. The unvaccinated
are eleven times more likely to die from it than the vaccinated. These are
facts, and easy to look up. That you saw something different in
http://the-daily-right-wing-snow-job.com does not change this.

On matters of opinion, feel free to believe whatever you like. But when your
ideas run against actual facts, please don't expect the world to change to suit
your convenience.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
