Title: Meritocracy
Date: 2021-11-26
Topics: Racism, Meritocracy
People: Sam Prentice
TeaserParagraphs: 2
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sam Prentice says that I "unintentionally rail against meritocracy."  Do you 
believe him?  The letter he was presumably responding to is at
http://letters.sauyet.com/#/2021-11-05/.  Go ahead and read it; I'll wait...

No?  You found no sign of railing about anything, perhaps?  No critique of
meritocracy?  Don't be surprised.  This is Mr. Prentice's *modus operandi*: 
invent a straw man, fail to knock down even that, then hope no one will notice 
his sleight of hand.

"People," he says, "who see everything through the prism of skin color are the
true racists."  Could be.  Do you know anyone like that?  I certainly don't.
But we've all met those who deny that current and past racism are significant
causes of modern inequalities.  It sounds as though Mr. Prentice is treading
close to that line.

Interestingly, the same day I read Mr. Prentice's note on meritocracy, I
happened upon an academic paper (https://link.sauyet.com/34) which showed that
among White students admitted to Harvard, 43% are admitted note not because of
academic merit but because they are athletes or the children of alumni, staff,
or donors.  For non-White students, that number is no more than 16%.  Many 
doors are opened by degrees from a prestigious university, so this is one more
example of how structural racism perpetuates racial inequality.  The world is
full of such examples.  Noting and reporting them is not racism.  Denying them
often is.

Finally, we should note the odd obsession of Sam Prentice and other
conservatives with the Democratic party.  Sixty-plus years ago, the parties
swapped places in their approach to race; today the vast majority of
African-Americans find the Democratic party the more congenial home.  As a 
progressive, I simply prefer the parties with progressive agendas and remain
unconcerned about what they stood for a hundred years ago.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
