Title: Closing Argument
Date: 2022-11-05
Topics: Republicans, Donald Trump, Joe Biden
TeaserParagraphs: 3
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ladies and Gentlemen of the Jury/Electorate,

You have heard the evidence; there's no reasonable doubt. The party of Lincoln,
Teddy Roosevelt, and Eisenhower is no more. Today's corrupt Republican party has
only three goals: giving billionaires tax breaks, glorifying Donald Trump, and
avoiding actual governance.

Republicans don't want to talk about that.

They'll talk to you about taxes, but won't discuss Trump's tax cut: Billionaires
get a permanent cut of hundreds of millions of dollars. You get a temporary cut
of a few hundred.

They'll talk to you about the economy. But they won't note that Biden has the
best record of job creation in history or that he has presided over a record
deficit reduction. Instead they'll talk about inflation, but won't acknowledge
that inflation is caused by external shocks (such as Russia's invasion of
Ukraine) and our booming economy.

They'll talk to you about crime. They won't report that violent crime is down.
They'll focus on the climbing murder rate, but won't talk about the guns used in
those murders. Nor will they tell you that the murder rate is 40% higher in red
states than blue ones, that eight of the ten highest murder rates are in
Republican states.

What they won't talk to you about is America's biggest threat: them. Their
attempt to disenfranchise voters, to overturn an election, and to violently
prevent Congress from doing its job is the biggest power grab imaginable.

And they sure won't talk about abortion; they know you strongly disagree.

They still want your vote, of course. They haven't managed to entirely destroy
our democracy yet, so they still need it. Give them another chance at power, and
they could change that too. But I trust you. You jurors are smart enough to vote
against every last one of them.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
