Title: Well-Regulated Militia
Date: 2022-04-18
Topics: Guns, Gun Violence, Mass Shootings
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Leftists blame guns for shootings," says Sam Prentice.  This is what I meant
by, "The usual idiots will surely be back tomorrow telling us that gun control
is immoral, stupid, and unconstitutional."  No, guns don't shoot.  Guns don't
commit murder.  Guns don't invade our schools, businesses, places of worship,
and public squares in order to massacre the innocent.  People with easy access
to guns do so.

Dupes of the gun lobby constantly compare guns to knives or automobiles used as
weapons.  Well, access to knives and to automobiles are even more widespread
than access to firearms, and yet firearms are used in more 76% of the murders in
this country, and in almost all of the mass killings.  (Source:
https://link.sauyet.com/48)

As to "well-regulated Militia", it's simple enough.  Clear in the Declaration of
Independence is that the British army's interaction with the colonists was a
great concern to the founders.  They worried standing armies would lead to
tyranny and thought that the United States should raise them only during
wartime.  Instead, states formed militias.  They mostly protected territory near
their homes, but because they could be called up to national service, they had
to be "well-regulated", i.e., trained to common standards.

For 217 years, firearm regulation was widespread, but in 2008, the Heller
decision for the first time asserted that gun rights were individual, setting us
on our current dangerous course.  Firearm regulations are not only
constitutional, they are a moral imperative and have a longstanding history.

Briefly, to Don Denley, read up on job growth, GDP, wages, unemployment, nearly
all measures of economic health.  Inflation is too high, yes, but the overall
economy is great.  Also, if you think that being found not guilty by a jury of
your peers is "a technicality", you need to retake high school civics.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
