Title: Report Cards
Date: 2022-11-11
Topics: Facts, Research, Parody
People: Colin McNamara, Ed Kozlowski, C. Anne Johnson, Aravis Pasha
TeaserParagraphs: 3
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Some report cards on recent letters.

*Student: Colin McNamara, Subject: Rhetoric, Grade: C-.*

Colin improved substantially this quarter. He uses actual facts and figures.
While some of them are suspect, they might serve as the basis for an actual
argument. However, he never gets around to making his argument; his essays are
unconvincing innuendo. He doesn't dig any further than the headlines. He has a
long way to go.

*Student: Ed Kozlowski, Subject: Remedial Writing, Grade B-.*

We're all so proud of Eddie. After his struggles with persuasive writing, his
confusion between cause and effect, and his inability to grasp basic logic,
Eddie was actually able to write a parody! This is a big step, only slightly
diminished by the fact that while the original was mostly names of people
bringing a stain to the Republican Party, his list was much more random, with
few parallels. Still, this is a genuine parody. We're hoping that with a few
months of intensive work, he can make one that's actually funny.


*Student: C. Anne Johnson, Subject: Current Affairs, Grade: F.*

We recently discussed limiting Annie's exposure to propaganda such as Breitbart,
Daily Caller and Fox News. This clearly hasn't happened yet. She is still
repeating their claptrap, with misinformation about global warming, sea ice,
terrorism, the FBI, Jan 6, censorship, and much more. Please, parents, you need
to give her a diet of actual news. And she needs to review the Fact-Checking
unit.

*Student: Aravis Pasha, Subject: History, Grade: C.*

Aravis' recent project started out well, including facts about human migration
to the Americas. But it quickly became muddled, showing no understanding of the
distinction between history and prehistory or of the actual objections to
Columbus Day. If Aravis wants to resubmit after doing some serious research, we
will reconsider this grade.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
