Title: Self-parody
Date: 2022-09-03
Topics: Global Warming, Science
People: Sam Prentice
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sometimes it's amusing to write parody; instead of acting all serious, we can
gently poke fun at someone's nonsense. Occasionally it's too easy; the target
gives you so much material, it's simply boring. Every now and then it's
impossible; the material is so ridiculous that it serves as a self-parody. Sam
Prentice hit that level recently.

He says that those of us sounding the climate alarm are simply "appealing to
authority" and a few sentences later tells us that Tony Heller's website, "has
the historical data and proof". Really? Who is it that's appealing to authority?
As I've pointed out recently, that site earns a Quackery rating from independent
analysts. (Example at http://letters.sauyet.com/#/pages/heller-shetland/.)

He also asks, "If CO2 is so bad, why do commercial growers artificially increase
their greenhouse CO2 volumes to 1000 ppm?" Well, I don't know Sam, why do *you*
think *greenhouses* are pumping in more *greenhouse gases*? I know this is snide
and beside the point. But seriously, what sort of question is that? We're not
denying that CO2 promotes plant growth. We're noting that it also causes the
atmosphere to trap increasing amounts of solar radiation.

He asserts that "Consensus isn't science." Science is the process of observing
the natural world, devising hypotheses about how it works, creating repeatable
experiments to test these hypotheses, and disseminating the results in ways that
convinces ones' peers. That consensus-building is essential; otherwise we'd
never make progress. Tony Heller has not convinced many of his peers, and Sam
Prentice convinces no one.

Finally, note the irony of someone denying science bemoaning the state of
science education in this country.

Really, this is far beyond parody.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
