Title: Mules 2K
Date: 2022-05-13
Topics: Dinesh D'Souza, Elections, True the Vote
People: Sam Prentice
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dinesh D'Souza is being cited as a relevant source on voter fraud.  I suppose
there's something to that, as he was himself convicted of voter fraud.  But when
he becomes the producer of last resort for political activists pushing their
voting conspiracy theory, it's hard not to just laugh.

Sam Prentice cites D'Souza's new film, *2000 Mules*, as incontrovertible evidence
of a vast conspiracy to alter the 2020 vote.  The film is based on the work of
True the Vote, a Tea Party offshoot that specializes in challenging voter
rights.  I have not seen the film, and I doubt Mr. Prentice had when he cited
it, since it seems that the film wasn't even released before his letter was
published.  I've seen its trailer and Charlie Kirk's fawning, hour-long
interview with its principals.

They make interesting accusations.  Without access to their data and methodology
(which they're releasing after the film's run) it's hard to make any substantive
judgments about the material.  But it is clearly based on data too coarse to
prove their main point -- cellphone ping data is not that precise.  That makes
the rest of it suspect, and when they start preaching about vast conspiracies
involving many layers of law enforcement, the Republican Party, the Democratic
Party, and various governors, it feels mostly like a sick joke.  I wonder if
they've done the basic statistical step of measuring their results against the
null hypothesis.  Somehow, I doubt it.  I also wonder whether they have evidence
to suggest any illegal votes benefited Biden over Trump.  I guess we'll see.

Of course Mr. Prentice believes it.  Confirmation bias is quite powerful; when
conspiracy theorists start spouting a new conspiracy, it will attract all sorts
of gullible souls.  Don't be too angry with them; they mostly deserve our pity.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
