Title: Disastrous Party
Date: 2023-11-17
Topics: Republicans
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It's no secret that the Republican party is a mess.  This is clear in the
important issues of our time but also obvious in the small details.

Let's start small.  The Republicans hung a banner near Andover's recent
election.  Alongside traditional Republican logos and slogans, it quoted Thomas
Jefferson: "A government big enough to give you everything you want, is big
enough to take away everything you have."  Sure, a traditional small-government
slogan, aligned perhaps with what the party stood for... once upon a time.

Except, Thomas Jefferson never said that.

It's very easy to check these things.  I pasted the first ten words of the quote
into popular search engines; the first hits -- including ones from the
definitive Jefferson source, https://www.monticello.org/ -- make it clear that
Jefferson never wrote this.  It's a small thing, to be sure.  But this is a
reusable banner presumably meant to hang at many events.  You'd think they'd
take care before falsely attributing their propaganda to one of our country's
Founders.

If Republican problem were limited to such minor peccadilloes, it would be fine.
But it's not.  The House Republicans recently voted to send $14 billion in aid
to Israel.  To offset the cost, they want to cut funding to the IRS.

We don't need analysis of the Israeli-Palestinian situation to see how
ridiculous this is.  The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office's data says
that this would *increase* the deficit by about $14 billion, because without
enforcement, tax cheats simply get away with it.  Think of the moral
implications: The Republican party says, "Yes, we'll help out one of our closest
allies, but only if you let us make a political point that will worsen our debt
and help rich tax cheats."

What a disaster!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Note:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### Sources ####

* [Non-Jefferson quote][nj]
* I haven't found a CBO score for this particular bill, but [recent ones][cb] 
  are found to increase the deficit by about the same amount as the cut.  Bigger
  cuts would have even higher relative impacts.
    

  [nj]: https://www.monticello.org/research-education/thomas-jefferson-encyclopedia/government-big-enough-give-you-everything-you-wantspurious-quotation/
  [cb]: https://www.budget.senate.gov/chairman/newsroom/press/memorandum-cuts-to-irs-tax-enforcement-would-increase-the-deficit
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
