Title: Democrats for Andover
Date: 2023-10-13
People: Kim Hawes, Emily Timreck, Linda Armstrong, Anne Cremé, Shannon Louden, Caitlin McIntosh Greenhouse
Topics: Andover, Election, Democrats, Republicans
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It's impossible to count the good reasons to vote for Andover's Democratic
slate.  The competence, the experience, the compassion of the candidates speaks
volumes.  Note the long town involvement of people like Kim Hawes for Fire
Commission and of Emily Timreck and Linda Armstrong for BAA.  Note the
compassionate but quiet determination of Anne Cremé for BOS.  Note the fierce
educatinal advocacy of Shannon Louden and Caitlin McIntosh Greenhouse for BOE.
Oh yes, and note the sheer number of women running on the Democratic ticket!

In 2023, there are uncountably many reasons to vote *against* Republicans.

When the country elects Republicans, we get the current House caucus, which
cannot accomplish anything other than backstabbing and infighting.  (When the
Democrats last had control with a similarly thin majority, they passed
significant legislation and had absolutely no spectacle.)  Or we get a so-called
president whose continual lies incited an insurrection, and who, despite
numerous serious indictments, looks certain to win another nomination.

When states elect Republicans, we get Florida banning books; excising
discussions of slavery, Jim Crow, and George Floyd; and waging war with its
largest private employer -- and biggest tourist attraction -- simply because
they had the temerity to speak out for their gay employees.

When Connecticut towns elect Republicans, we get the clown show in Colchester
described every week on these pages, with a mini-despot banning books,
single-handedly conducting sham investigations into an employee for political
reasons, tearing up agendas, screaming at voters, and who knows what else?  Or
we get the Connecticut town whose Republican Town Committee which, knowing that
a man was recently arrested for domestic assault, still chooses to nominate him
for local office.

So again, Andover has numerous great reasons to vote for Democrats, and numerous
great reasons to vote against Republicans.  More details at 
https://andoverctdems.com/.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
