Title: MAGA Meaning 
Date: 2023-12-08 
Topics: MAGA, Donald Trump
People: Ken Hjulstrom
TeaserParagraps: 2
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ken Hjulstrom is probably not naive enough to believe "MAGA" is an innocent
acronym.

It was the campaign slogan of the most destructive president ever.  It
represents Trump and his followers.  In 2016 it represented those believing
America had lost its way, largely because we'd had the temerity to elect a Black
president.  It came to stand for bullying, narcissism, xenophobia, sexism, and
racism; associated with a fascist, anti-democratic strand of politics.  It was
the rallying cry of an insurrection.  "MAGA" emblematizes everything wrong in
our country.

The Trump years made America much worse.  A world that had looked to us for
leadership now looked away in embarrassment.  International foes saw him as a
"useful idiot", and he was obviously in Putin's pocket.  Trump's mismanagement
of the Covid pandemic -- and his ridiculous encouragement of anti-vaxxers -- was
responsible for at least half the U.S. cases.  Trump's only pandemic concern was
the stock market's reaction.

His pandemic handling caused an economic crash -- cratering the demand for oil.
Those crediting Trump for lower gas prices and an energy surplus are thanking
him for letting our economy tumble and giving him credit for long-standing
trends.  (Net imports of oil have fallen steadily since 2006, for example, and
the record lows are during Biden's administration: http://link.sauyet.com/93.)

Those who fondly recall the Trump years either have forgotten or actually liked
the incessant lying, the bullying, the hate crimes, the attacks on journalists
and judges, the nepotism, the "very fine people" and "so-called judge" comments,
the calling of war hero John McCain a loser.  Did you enjoy the longest
government shutdown in history?  Who else would have tear-gassed BLM protesters
in order to attend a photo-op?

To actually improve America's greatness we must ensure that Trump and his
like-minded sycophants never gain power again.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
