Title: Danger to Democracy
Date: 2023-10-20
People: 
Topics: Jim Jordan, Andover, Election, Democrats, Republicans
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As the Rivereast letter deadline approaches, it's looking increasingly possible
that the Republican party will elect Jim Jordan as Speaker of the House.  It's
looking increasingly possible that we're looking at the end of two-and-a-half
centuries of democracy. It's looking increasingly possible that we'll cede our
republican government to a modern fascism.

Jim Jordan is a legislator who's spent sixteen years in office, creating no
legislation: not a single bill. The Center for Effective Lawmaking places him
below 99% of his peers.

Jim Jordan was a coach who overlooked the sexual harassment of his wrestlers.
Jim Jordan was the closest Congressional ally to Donald Trump and strived to
overturn a fair election. Jim Jordan is determined to hold hostage our country's
financial future in order to win concessions on his pet issues.

In short, Jim Jordan is a menace. Yet he's the Republican's best candidate for
Speaker?

This is the modern Republican party: entirely dysfunctional but determined to
hold power by any means necessary, even if they destroy all democratic norms.

But you can do something about this, even if Jordan becomes Speaker. You can
vote out Republicans at all levels of government. If you have a local election
next month, vote Democrat, vote Independent, vote Green, vote Libertarian. If
you love your country, vote anything but Republican.

If, like me, you live in Andover, consider the Democrat's slate of incredibly
competent, compassionate, and experienced candidates. The best thing you could
do for your country is to vote against every Republican running anywhere until
the party comes to its senses. If we do this, perhaps we can make it look
increasingly possible that our country will heal from the divisions Newt
Gingrich started and modern Republicans are trying to finish.

Vote Democratic!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
