Title: Weaker Speaker
Date: 2023-01-13
Topics: Donald Trump, Constitution, House, Speaker, Kevin McCarthy, Nancy Pelosi, Conservatives
TeaserParagraphs: 2
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

First, briefly, it's been a month and no Trump-supporting letter-writer has
denounced his suggested "termination" of the Constitution.  And these people
pretend to be conservatives?  Ha!

Our main topic:  After an exhausting few days, the House has selected Kevin
McCarthy as Speaker.  It's the first time in a hundred years the vote has gone
beyond a single ballot.  We'd have to go back to the Civil War to find a race
with more ballots; only four in history required more.

What was the obstacle?  Juvenile right-wing members throwing hissy-fits about
not being in power.  Plus the lack of credible alternatives.  The Republican
Party is pulling itself apart.  While sitting on the sideline, holding up "GOP
in disarray!" signs is amusing, this is serious.  McCarthy compromised on
spending and house rules – a sure signal the Republican House will again play
games with our nation's credit-worthiness over the debt ceiling.

After Nancy Pelosi – likely go down in history with the greatest Speakers ever,
such as Henry Clay, Schuyler Colfax, Henry Thomas Rainey, Sam Rayburn, and Tip
O'Neill – McCarthy comes in severely weakened, in charge of a caucus
uninterested in governing.  Can you imagine the likes of Lauren Boebert, Matt
Gaetz, or Paul Gosar with over-sized influence on our country's direction?

To be fair, certain concessions are long overdue.  Smaller bills with more time
for deliberation are a clear win.  But mostly they hobble the House and its
Speaker.  Never forget: our current fractious politics are not some necessary
result of history.  They are the results of Newt Gingrich's Speakership: more
interested in bombast and prurience than in running the country.  I doubt
McCarthy has that in mind, but he's sacrificed so much authority, he probably
can't stop it.

Okay, just once, then:  "GOP in Disarray!!"

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
