Title: Trump Supporters
Date: 2024-02-16
Topics: Donald Trump, Joe Biden, Economy, Trump Supporters, Crime, Immigration
People: Don Denley, Ken Hjulstrom
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Trump supporters are an amazing bunch.  Whatever they think of Joe Biden,
another Trump term is an overwhelming threat to our country.  Supporting this
would-be tyrant demonstrates unpatriotic disloyalty to our great nation.

They scream about the economy.  But by every measure -- except inflation, which
affected all our peer nations, and is now under control -- it's been better
under Biden.  Trump has been publicly rooting *against* our economy.  He is
perfectly happy to inflict misery on everyone to win votes.  Supporting Trump is
supporting anti-American political extortion.

(A note to Don Denley: yes, people say the economy is bad; they also say their
own finances are fine.  The disconnect demonstrate the gullible believing
right-wing media's incessant lies; that doesn't make it true.) 

They follow Trump's lead and talk about crime rates.  Outside a little blip that
started with the pandemic, they've been falling for decades, and 2023 had the
sharpest drop in murder rate on record.  But the facts won't stop their
screaming.  Supporting Trump is supporting unjustified paranoia.

Then they focus on immigration.  When the Democrats gave the Republicans
everything they wanted in an immigration bill, Congressional Trump supporters
nixed the bill because it might help Biden politically.  This is not
speculation; they said it out loud.  They claim Biden can do it all via
executive orders.  Remember when Obama set immigration rules through executive
orders?  They went through the roof.  But they were silent when Trump did so.
Supporting Trump is supporting crass manipulation.

Now Trump says he'd let Putin invade certain NATO allies.  Those supporters will
claim justification, as evident in Ken Hjulstrom's notion that Trump is a
horrible human being but that's what we need right now.  Supporting Trump is
supporting cowardly bullying.

In fact, supporting Trump is supporting evil, plain and simple.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Note:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#### References ####

  * Economic Details: My [recent letter][en] has many details, with references
  * International Inflation: [Financial Times][ii]
  * Trump rooting for crash: [USA Today][dt]
  * Public views on personal vs national situation: [Axios][pf].  Also see this
    [Quinnipiac poll][qp]
  * Crime Rates: [Jeff Asher][cr].  I don't know much about Asher's *bona fides*
    and I haven't found the original FBI data this is based on yet, but he is
    trusted by [The New York Times][ny], and so he seems a reasonable source.
  * Trump killing immigration bill: [NBC News][tk]
  * Executive Order numbers: [American Presidency Project][eo]
  * NATO statement: [NPR][na]


  [cr]: https://jasher.substack.com/p/crime-in-2023-murder-plummeted-violent
  [dt]: https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/elections/2024/01/09/donald-trump-hopes-economy-crashes-in-2024/72159263007/
  [en]: #/2024-01-26
  [eo]: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/statistics/data/executive-orders
  [ii]: https://www.ft.com/content/088d3368-bb8b-4ff3-9df7-a7680d4d81b2
  [na]: https://www.npr.org/2024/02/11/1230658309/trump-would-encourage-russia-to-attack-nato-allies-who-dont-pay-bills
  [ny]: https://www.nytimes.com/2024/01/11/briefing/us-crime-rate.html
  [pf]: https://www.axios.com/2023/08/18/americans-economy-bad-personal-finances-good
  [qp]: https://poll.qu.edu/images/polling/us/us08162023_usos65.pdf
  [tk]: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/republicans-kill-border-bill-sign-trumps-strength-mcconnells-waning-in-rcna137477
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


