Title: Weir's Legislative Record
Date: 2024-09-06
Topics: Steve Weir, Amanda Veneziano
TeaserParagraphs: 2
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Some weeks ago, I received a flyer from Steve Weir touting his legislative
accomplishments representing the 55th State House District.  Let's take a look.

He starts with a list of bills that *didn't* pass this sesison.  It is slightly
odd, but not inconceivable, that one's strongest accomplishment is in blocking
bills from passing.  So, was he a master manipulator who targeted some terrible
bills, managing the sausage-making and causing all five of these bills to go
down?  Well, no.  These bills passed through committee (over his objection), but
not one of them made it to a floor vote.  Steve Weir had little to do with them
failing.

Then he gushes about seven bills that did become law.  Was this his great
legislative achievement, shepherding tough bills through Hartford's
meat-grinder?  Again, no.  With one exception, these bills were passed
*unanimously*.  That one? 146 - 3 in the House, unanimous in the Senate.

So Steve's proud accomplishments are to lose some committee votes on bills that
never reached the floor and boldly siding with every one of his colleagues on
some others?  Is this really what we want our legislators to be proud of?  To my
mind a successful legislator is one who can help pass the difficult bills, one
who can sway colleagues with superior logic, even one who goes down swinging,
forcing others to at least *understand* the objections.

Elsewhere in the flyer we learn that Steve loves children and librarians.  Bully
for him!  And we learn a little about vanity: the flyer contains fourteen
separate photos of Steve.  But mostly it's about these legislative so-called
accomplishments.  What a waste of paper.

I, for one, do not want to be represented by a drone.  I want a queen bee.  So
I'm proudly supporting Amanda V for the 55th!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Note:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## References ##

### Proudly blocked ###

#### [AN ACT CONCERNING HOUSING AUTHORITY JURISDICTION (SB-207)][SB-207] ####
    * Passed Housing committee, 10-5 (1 absent)
    * Weir: Nay
    * Favorable Report, Tabled for the Calendar, Senate

#### [AN ACT CONCERNING THE COLLATERAL CONSEQUENCES OF CRIMINAL RECORDS ON HOUSING OPPORTUNITIES (HB-5242)][HB-5242] ####
    * Passed Housing committee, 9-5 (2 absent)
    * Weir: Nay
    * Referred by House to Committee on Appropriations, no further action

#### [AN ACT CONCERNING EVICTIONS FOR CAUSE (SB-143)][SB-143] ###
    * Passed Housing committee, 9-5 (2 absent)
    * Weir: Nay
    * Favorable Report, Tabled for the Calendar, Senate

#### [AN ACT CONCERNING UNEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (HB-5164)][HB-5164] ####
    * Passed LABOR AND PUBLIC EMPLOYEES COMMITTEE, 8-4
    * Weir Nay
    * Favorable Report, Tabled for the Calendar, House

#### [AN ACT CONCERNING THE MINIMUM FAIR WAGE AND SERVICE CHARGES (SB-221)][SB-221] ####
    * Passed LABOR AND PUBLIC EMPLOYEES COMMITTEE, 8-4
    * Weir Nay
    * Favorable Report, Tabled for the Calendar, House

### Celebrated passage ###

#### [AN ACT EXPANDING ELIGIBILITY FOR GRANTS FROM THE MILITARY RELIEF FUND (PA 24-57)][PA 24-57] ####
    * Passed the Senate 36-0, Passed the House 146-0 (5 absent)
    * Weir Yea
    * Signed into law

#### [AN ACT ESTABLISHING A PROPERTY TAX EXEMPTION FOR VETERANS WHO HAVE A SERVICE-CONNECTED PERMANENT AND TOTAL DISABILITY RATING (PA 24-46)][PA 24-46] ####
    * Passed the Senate 36-0, Passed the House 145-0 (6 absent)
    * Weir Yea
    * Signed into law

#### [AN ACT CONCERNING THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE RESPONSE TO VICTIMS OF SEXUAL ASSAULT (PA 24-127)][PA 24-127] ####
    * Passed the Senate 36-0, Passed the House 147-0 (4 absent)
    * Weir Yea
    * Signed into law

#### [AN ACT SUPPORTING CONNECTICUT SENIORS AND THE IMPROVEMENT OF NURSING AND HOME-BASED CARE (PA 24-39)][PA 24-39] ####
    * Passed the Senate 36-0, Passed the House 143-3 (5 absent)
    * Weir Yea
    * Signed into law

#### [AN ACT ESTABLISHING A FALLEN OFFICER FUND AND PROVIDING HEALTH INSURANCE COVERAGE TO SURVIVORS OF A POLICE OFFICER KILLED IN THE LINE OF DUTY (PA 24-27)][PA 24-27] ####
    * Passed the Senate 35-0 (1 absent), Passed the House 144-0 (7 absent)
    * Weir Yea
    * Signed into law

#### [AN ACT CONCERNING AUTHORITY TO DECLARE THAT A FIREFIGHTER, POLICE OFFICER OR EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICE PERSONNEL DIED IN THE LINE OF DUTY (PA 24-16)][PA 24-16] ####
    * Passed the Senate 36-0, Passed the House 147-0 (4 absent)
    * Weir Yea
    * Signed into law

#### [AN ACT REQUIRING RESTITUTION WHEN A POLICE ANIMAL OR DOG IN A VOLUNTEER CANINE SEARCH AND RESCUE TEAM IS INJURED OR KILLED (PA 24-65)][PA 24-65] ####
    * Passed the Senate 35-0 (1 absent), Passed the House 145-0 (5 absent)
    * Weir Yea
    * Signed into law

  [HB-5164]: https://www.cga.ct.gov/asp/cgabillstatus/cgabillstatus.asp?selBillType=Bill&which_year=2024&bill_num=hb-5164
  [HB-5242]: https://www.cga.ct.gov/asp/cgabillstatus/cgabillstatus.asp?selBillType=Bill&which_year=2024&bill_num=hb-5242

  [PA 24-16]: https://www.cga.ct.gov/asp/cgabillstatus/cgabillstatus.asp?selBillType=Public+Act&which_year=2024&bill_num=16
  [PA 24-27]:  https://www.cga.ct.gov/asp/cgabillstatus/cgabillstatus.asp?selBillType=Public+Act&which_year=2024&bill_num=27
  [PA 24-39]: https://www.cga.ct.gov/asp/cgabillstatus/cgabillstatus.asp?selBillType=Public+Act&which_year=2024&bill_num=39
  [PA 24-46]: https://www.cga.ct.gov/asp/cgabillstatus/cgabillstatus.asp?selBillType=Public+Act&which_year=2024&bill_num=46
  [PA 24-57]: https://www.cga.ct.gov/asp/cgabillstatus/cgabillstatus.asp?selBillType=Public+Act&which_year=2024&bill_num=57
  [PA 24-65]: https://www.cga.ct.gov/asp/cgabillstatus/cgabillstatus.asp?selBillType=Public+Act&which_year=2024&bill_num=65
  [PA 24-127]: https://www.cga.ct.gov/asp/cgabillstatus/cgabillstatus.asp?selBillType=Public+Act&which_year=2024&bill_num=127

  [SB-143]: https://www.cga.ct.gov/asp/cgabillstatus/cgabillstatus.asp?selBillType=Bill&which_year=2024&bill_num=sb-143
  [SB-207]: https://www.cga.ct.gov/asp/cgabillstatus/cgabillstatus.asp?selBillType=Bill&which_year=2024&bill_num=sb-207
  [SB-221]: https://www.cga.ct.gov/asp/cgabillstatus/cgabillstatus.asp?selBillType=Bill&which_year=2024&bill_num=sb-221
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
