Title: Charter Power Grab
Date: 2024-10-18
Topics: Andover, Charter, Andover Charter
TeaserParagraphs: 2
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Has it happened?  Has hell finally frozen over?  Do Don Denley and Scott Sauyet
finally agree on something?

Yes!  We both think the significant proposed changes to Andover's charter are
terrible.  They represent an institutional power grab.  Buried in the middle,
after a few innocent questions and before a few arguably reasonable questions
are six questions that threaten the fabric of our New England Town Meeting.

Question 1 is about the state Constitution, not our charter.  Questions 2 – 5
and 16 are simple and obviously good changes.  Questions 12 – 15 discuss
financial thresholds requiring a Town Meeting.  Personally, I'm happy with 12 –
14, not 15.

But questions 6 – 11 represent a fundamental shift in our democracy.

Question 6 gives up your right to select the Town Clerk.  Does anyone even
remember a time when our elected Town Clerk wasn't wonderful?

Question 11 gives up your right to control local ordinances.  The proposal
strips this authority from the Town Meeting and gives it to the Board of
Selectmen.  They'll pretend that with only 50 votes necessary (really 116, a
majority of a minimal quorum) to petition to overturn the ordinance, the power
is still in voters hands.  That's nonsense.  It's a power grab.

At least those two questions are straightforward.  Questions 7 – 10 are
insidious.  They ask innocuous-looking questions, burying the fact that they are
taking authority away from you, the Board of Finance, and the local Board of
Education, giving it to the Town Administrator and Board of Selectmen.  Read
especially Sections 802 and 803.

I've posted an overview of the proposed charter.  You can see it at
http://charter.andoverct.info/2024/.  If you'd like me to include your own
recommendations, email me at scott@sauyet.com.

Please, if you value our small-town democracy, vote No on 6 – 11!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
