Title: Oathless
Date: 2024-05-03
Topics: Pledge of Allegiance, Oaths, Quakers
People: Don Denley
TeaserParagraphs: 2
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Don Denley is right.  I do not recite the Pledge of Allegiance.  I stand
respectfully, but I do not speak the words.  Perhaps I owe an explanation.

Four decades ago, when I became a Quaker, I took to heart their teachings
against oaths.  Quakers say we should not proffer two kinds of truths: everyday
ones and those we really mean because we swear to them.  Quakers take Jesus'
words seriously: "But I say unto you, Swear not at all; neither by heaven; for
it is God's throne: Nor by the earth; for it is his footstool..." (*Matthew
5:34-35*).  These concerns by Quakers and other like-minded citizens are built
into our laws.  The right to affirm rather than swear is in the Constitution and
in the very first section of the U.S. Legal Code.

The Pledge of Allegiance is an oath.  I do not take oaths.  The right not to do
so was affirmed by the Supreme Court in 1943.  Mr. Denley's implication that I
should do so because of Robert's Rules is bizarre.  Robert's Rules certainly do
not insist that anyone participates.  His implication that I bring dishonor to
Andover by my actions demonstrates a terrible misunderstanding of honor.

However, were I a person who did take oaths, the Pledge would remain
problematic.  Giving allegiance to a person, a group, or an idea makes sense.
Giving it to a symbol does not.  Nor does it make sense to accept the
McCarthy-era fear-mongering about "godless Communists" by reciting the 1950's
awkward addition of "under God".

Finally, it is very odd to be chided over this by a self-described conservative.
Conservatives generally promote individual freedom and deplore any form of
collectivism.  Why is Mr. Denley bothered that I refuse to participate in a
ritual designed to coerce uniformity of belief?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Note:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## References ##

  * [US Constitution, Article II, Section 1, Clause
8](https://constitution.congress.gov/constitution/article-2/#article-2-section-1-clause-8):
    <blockquote>Before he enter on the Execution of his Office, he shall take the
      following Oath or Affirmation:– “I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will
      faithfully execute the Office..."</blockquote>
    Note that the Founders include the alternative of an oath or an affirmation.


  * [1 USC
§1](https://uscode.house.gov/view.xhtml?hl=false&edition=prelim&req=granuleid%3AUSC-2018-title1-section1&num=0):
    > "oath" includes affirmation, and "sworn" includes affirmed;"


  * [West Virginia State Board of Education v. Barnette, 319 U.S. 624
(1943)](https://scholar.google.com/scholar_case?case=8030119134463419441&q=319+U.S.+624&hl=en&as_sdt=6,39):
    > If there is any fixed star in our constitutional constellation, it is that
    no official, high or petty, can prescribe what shall be orthodox in politics,
    nationalism, religion, or other matters of opinion or force citizens to
    confess by word or act their faith therein. If there are any circumstances
    which permit an exception, they do not now occur to us."


  * [Addition of "under
God"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pledge_of_Allegiance#Addition_of_%22under_God%22)
    > During the Cold War era, many Americans wanted to distinguish the United
    States from the state atheism promoted by Marxist-Leninist countries, a view
    that led to support for the words "under God" to be added to the Pledge of
    Allegiance.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
