Title: Andover Embarrasment
Date: 2025-02-14
Topics: Andover, Board of Selectmen, BOS
People: Paula King, Jeff Maguire, Scott Person, Anne Cremé, Jeff Murray, Carol Lee
TeaserParagraphs: 3
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Andover's Board of Selectmen has egg on its face.

Paula King resigned her BOS position months ago.  The Board has been unable to
choose her successor.  This is not because of Anne Cremé or Jeff Murray.  It is
entirely due to Jeff Maguire and Scott Person playing petty games.

Legally, the candidate may not be a Democrat.  Three times, the Republican Town
Committee nominated a qualified candidate.  Three times, these two blocked the
nominations.  Each time was due to personal grievances against the candidates.
The most recent candidate was Carol Lee, our respected, recently resigned Town
Clerk, with universal accolades.  Maguire and Person would not vote for her.

Maguire stated how well a previous Board had worked together, that they hashed
out their disagreements in private.  Does he understand that this violates FOI
laws?  What he clearly wants is a Board that will do his bidding.  Kudos to Ms.
Cremé and Mr. Murray for standing up to him.  And shame on Person for acting as
a lapdog.

Maguire whined about the Democratic Town Committee not supporting his recent
election, about being kicked off the DTC.  Suffice it to say that there were
other substantive reasons, but that he never attended DTC meetings was
sufficient.  And still, the DTC did support him, paying for and posting lawn
signs, even when he rejected that support.

Thank you, Anne Cremé and Jeff Murray for your integrity.  You're serving as
good role models for your peers, even if they haven't noticed.

The last time I was embarrassed by my town government was during the Charlene
Barnett debacle.  Let's hope this doesn't get that bad!  So what's next?
Clearly it's time for a petition to have a Town Meeting set a special election.
Please sign such a petition and restore sanity to our Town.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
