Title: True Fascism 
Date: 2025-10-10 
Topics: Trump, Facism 
People: Sam Prentice
TeaserParagraphs: 2
Content:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sam Prentice doesn't seem to realize that an accurate label is much more than a
slur.

There's a reason that people call Donald Trump and his cronies "fascists"; it's
not because such is the go-to slur for the left.  It's because they actually
*are* fascists.  Yes, the club that includes Hitler, Mussolini, Franco,
Pinochet, Suharto, etc., now includes our so-called president.  And his
followers.

In 2003, Laurence Britt wrote what has become the definitive list of clear signs
of fascism.  These were written long before Trump's political career, but most
are incredibly apt:

  1. Powerful and continuing expressions of nationalism.
  2. Disdain for the importance of human rights.
  3. Identification of enemies / scape-goats as a unifying cause.
  4. The supremacy of the military / avid militarism.
  5. Rampant sexism.
  6. A controlled mass media.
  7. Obsession with national security.
  8. Religion and ruling elite tied together.
  9. Power of corporations protected.
  10. Power of labor suppressed or eliminated.
  11. Disdain and suppression of intellectuals and the arts.
  12. Obsession with crime and punishment.
  13. Rampant cronyism and corruption.
  14. Fraudulent elections.

(See http://link.sauyet.com/140.)

We haven't seen too much of #8 yet.  Nor of #14, although that's clearly coming.
The other twelve practically define Trumpism.

I hope this doesn't affect local elections too badly.  Few local candidates are
wanna-be dictators.  But anyone running as a Republican owes us an assurance
that they oppose this destruction of our democracy.  I haven't seen that, not
from any of them.  No Republican candidates have publicly disavowed what Trump
stands for.  So we cannot in good conscience vote for any of them. (Well, maybe
for the cross-endorsed Sharon St. Rock!)

Mr. Prentice wants to restore America, to "what she was meant to be".  America
was meant to be a beacon of freedom, an exercise in self-government, with an
intricate set of checks and balances to prevent any person or institution
amassing too much power.  It was from the start a nation of immigrants, and over
time it enfranchised more and more of its residents.  If that's what he wants to
restore, then by all means, let's join together blocking the MAGA movement's
attempt to destroy the nation we love.

Finally, if he thinks Fascism is an empty slur, then why did he use it in 2015
to (strangely) describe Progressivism and in 2022 to describe me?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
